@startuml
participant hedctd as 0
participant qhcerw as 1
box "qyxjr"
participant kxeixi as 2
end box
autonumber 1 6
1 -> 2: wfdsutebgd
0 ->x 2: yknfunohdf
0 <-] : pfucdhshja
 [<- 2: upmlvbeuwb
par ottycqqizkkn
2 -> 2: exourtpkno
2 -> 2: jqwvcxlchp
end
2 --//o 2: psupzzwmxe
loop zsupjqodumri
1 -> 0++ : lizsvaedqh
critical mscfxfpxcvns
1 -> 1: opgbomyzgy
1 -> 1: tdhszuejre
end
critical pxnesjtppthf
0 -> 1++ : ppguglmwwu
...dvbskaca...
1 --> 2: ttgkgxzebb
return ksublsdncu
critical mzovfhvvlbst
...pkqdksjq...
1 <-] : focubxvlcc
0 -// 2: tueustaxvt
return ejqueewaho
autonumber stop
...crxjqcgl...
0 <-] : jvimeizsrl
autonumber resume
1 -\\ 0: zokvjwnvvt
else ebrqeudknnja
2 <-> 1++ : ibnxjbcxgi
autonumber stop
end
par efmqngmreiww
2 -->x 1++ : ormwgdxlul
autonumber resume
alt fltpttupwvey
2 -> 2: cxqhuciibl
return adljytukyl
1 <-> 1: oxcyjdqcfp
2 --//o 1++ : vziobquwxr
else epavuchxuzqp
create participant jqhxnxraek as 3
0 -> 3 : jqhxnxraek
return fhmbotntco
end
2 -\\ 2: ehkchyazve
autonumber stop
end
3 ->o 3++ : steuvfrlkq
loop lbusxbdtysfh
3 ->] : cimhtrkwwh
3 --> 1++ : mgejtsqzwl
...vxitarrw...
1 -->x 2++ : ojpuguamcy
autonumber resume
else rzhpdwbwttli
0 <-> 2: zuuqgdaehb
return qaulzjwbgb
autonumber stop
else jqgwzqnrqlci
1 -// 1++ : cxgrszzxbu
autonumber resume
critical fvbxsonohclz
...dpnrgyjj...
1 ->x 1: bnhafywxkf
...cvfwjwue...
0 ->o 2: sgdtlaoelw
autonumber stop
else exqfdhmbrffx
0 --> 3: dwyokknqdp
alt lglabbypuzbi
3 --//o 2: bhkqmvfidm
autonumber resume
0 -> 0: gaggdwnrlo
return qiuuzsrtbw
...dhewdyqg...
2 -// 2: nuubyxoeby
else xauaitknncja
loop zzciijmmdlik
...zyjvmpxe...
 [-> 1: wvvftavvri
return bjnlmipptc
...svlzoxdr...
2 ->x 2: vjlafrvdzd
1 <-> 1++ : argevjzujk
autonumber stop
else zzibrvkolbtm
loop flyivlywjwzv
...bjreeiay...
3 -> 1: hfqbrumaqc
opt odrppepqjcxi
...seqcwpcl...
3 ->] : wtrkzxpxpx
return nkxdaotdzq
par dpcamkcrmojl
1 -->x 1: nientjrcvp
return kwruhpoftb
autonumber resume
0 ->o 2: rmsbggztaj
return knjuouwxpo
3 -> 0: eptldydyfa
2 <-] : gwfcbnrabp
end
2 -> 3++ : sisjjtdbcg
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
return lvvvozefhf
@enduml