@startuml
box "brhtz"
participant ysasub as 0
participant gssrrw as 1
end box
box "vdonn"
participant texqyb as 2
end box
autonumber 8 2
0 ->x 1: aeuisdsnuf
 [<- 2: ctltkiyybp
1 <-> 1: lrmddzfaxy
par lxulufrumcpu
...zywjyhto...
1 -->x 1: tpcjpgvsvv
autonumber stop
...mwixstjj...
0 -> 1++ : kxkoggjwmm
autonumber resume
loop kxqvqcqcelyq
2 -// 1: ycypgdcnzk
1 --//o 1++ : ibatfteaww
1 --> 2: vpjwxzrobk
return fzhkoepdvz
else anfqxeivneke
1 -> 2: occfpzegph
return vdrlkprlyw
autonumber stop
0 -> 1++ : uwjctokzwz
loop iftbxcukmnoe
...unrrsala...
1 -> 0++ : vaaayjxpyb
autonumber resume
0 --> 2: napdrxffue
autonumber stop
else ndqgwzvakehl
0 ->] : slodspveqg
return jkbpogcwld
...tlpohwfc...
1 <-> 1: nfhmvonbuz
else zhrryxglngip
loop gobxhuqcimow
1 -->x 1++ : bxlcfvaidq
autonumber resume
...wmxcavml...
1 ->x 1++ : pdurdriknv
break nwzpwbwjvcaa
2 --//o 0: idozaogmhf
return nyyvucheii
...bnpaxymm...
1 -> 1: firaqetzaj
else cgmegtwledtg
opt gqughkhpmtup
...emwotruc...
0 ->] : npiwadikqf
break iffxtmopsxev
...ckpdkfnv...
2 -> 2: aihrzcxkvq
autonumber stop
break yfxmklrxipws
1 -->x 0: nahjydphwn
autonumber resume
1 -->x 1: cclpppoyen
autonumber stop
2 --//o 0++ : kkeenkenca
else oleajceeradh
2 -> 2: pvshunphyn
return tzpcvpkyhm
else qupqwijpnfvc
2 ->> 1++ : ykhhvrawqa
autonumber resume
 [-> 2: tnzirdvaqi
else oropgqevndax
critical ofnpkzipslmo
0 -> 2!! : xrauixzizn
autonumber stop
2 ->x 1: obwuxupkre
autonumber resume
else wzxkkhrfpxmq
...ajnjnpwr...
2 ->> 0: nkkhnkgrpv
else dwnojhypagap
0 -// 0: gbfglmsrtt
return orhezwrrrl
0 ->] : jtivmaabjx
autonumber stop
else rtbjdzuktqyj
0 <-> 1: qvuehnrasm
...uqqvtuco...
1 -> 1: nsmjidpsmo
return xoevigtwau
autonumber resume
end
2 --> 2++ : emovmaigoi
end
...cuxbwqgv...
0 -\\ 0++ : atwawgdfaf
else wolyxwmjixwi
...ahdprxzo...
0 -> 0: bhlxfvkuzy
return aztvyvdpav
loop csbcwhmmlufy
0 -\\ 2: kmjcxtkegm
return vgcawltttp
1 -> 2++ : dqufmyeucw
autonumber stop
else xexbdufhbwrd
...wztjrsla...
2 -> 2++ : wapdsjaakj
autonumber resume
create participant skjnvfhfog as 3
2 -> 3 : skjnvfhfog
autonumber stop
0 -\\ 2++ : izvljdstql
autonumber resume
else fewylxvhrpep
...alcyoelk...
0 -> 3!! : zuzbvdumhu
return catphdywdc
...ljqntack...
 [-> 1: gacxkhdqoc
1 --//o 0++ : xdzkicsuho
else fvlsybzlvcig
3 ->] : xsecveqdmf
return cjpduhtavq
end
2 -> 1: rrwnunyoja
else kwbslfqcujqp
loop dwrzflmbrcss
3 -// 0++ : kkeywfmgik
critical qgitjifgukoa
1 --> 1++ : hwtqxwbwvq
autonumber stop
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
return jvhruoibdz
return cwukkcjqjm
return vnqkgzarvf
return dzinmisvab
return uvpvknhfvq
@enduml