@startuml
participant dvlpkv as 0
box "acngj"
participant szawwl as 1
participant sddbxc as 2
end box
autonumber 9 0
2 --//o 1: afegikluvn
autonumber stop
0 <-] : nlvptbnrfq
1 --> 0: mqlkxkxzyf
0 -->x 0++ : mlhiaxzzol
autonumber resume
...yhisrhki...
1 ->] : rcthehpgfz
return posbeyblml
autonumber stop
...ctybcurv...
0 --> 0++ : kxodaobmgr
autonumber resume
0 -> 1++ : gqumefwgis
1 -// 0: xvcjngbaem
autonumber stop
0 -// 0: aukiagjkvv
return rjkmzjjajv
autonumber resume
0 <-] : wrfsvnursi
0 <-] : fzyiisfcmd
0 <-> 1++ : mpxhomzond
0 -> 0: niyjcvnxqs
return sczbflbgvk
1 -> 1++ : iecwydvfeo
...mnwshaff...
 [-> 2: fhkfavtwsc
return oivbeehzoh
autonumber stop
1 <-] : gyzrgxqhve
2 -> 1: zjsvhramla
return trlmtluygs
autonumber resume
0 --> 2++ : vtrkqsumsa
1 ->] : ibwbbhurng
return ebofiudyvd
...ttyakjsv...
2 -> 1: rzhbymctwq
autonumber stop
1 -->x 1: ohukbyfhoa
...aezzwjax...
2 ->o 0: jizzriayyf
loop brpnweftgjmn
...qtrspjzx...
0 --> 1++ : ebnqdcnoiv
autonumber resume
0 <-] : tygocrctuo
autonumber stop
else wutcxiurscfu
2 -> 2: jrkdxqytaj
...zcqstabj...
1 --//o 0: kvxtvzvjao
else aybsfxshpxsh
0 ->] : awlyjjfmxm
return yftmpnlirj
else zlugzjyxqedc
break htvhghbmygte
2 --//o 2: tfdhnskczn
autonumber resume
1 <-> 2: pqkibwgabn
else nnaihawsofwb
1 --> 0: dtyrhvugxi
autonumber stop
else jcqydhgfcxki
...vtfhvvvr...
2 -> 2: flgeiwrxcb
0 -> 0: stpxjyffqd
else xlphjhkoqycz
1 --//o 0: pakuhkqcel
autonumber resume
else yqmykxvzqxzu
0 -\\ 0: kkwzhbzgxf
autonumber stop
...ulripvbt...
0 -> 1: squgtsvcif
autonumber resume
...jdadkpsq...
0 ->o 1++ : mppdzwpwmx
else zswgwnzbnkkp
 [<- 2: gguqjmzdij
return tiaqplbkuh
else hnglnxkufhcr
1 --> 0: thyogrlwdg
autonumber stop
end
0 --> 1: txibdxqvtk
2 <-> 1: itbzgqyofr
...jdlztnod...
1 -> 1: jdswgcuigv
autonumber resume
2 ->o 1: wawitgbpsz
else wedhqmvtghsc
loop dvinfrsfxwvo
1 -> 2: phrfblxzxr
opt bsucwtrxkjdk
2 -> 1++ : eqeylwxurh
autonumber stop
...ynvxbanh...
0 -> 2: lzhjrmiexu
...ebtfeihy...
1 -// 0: mahoatdsns
autonumber resume
end
...pvivivyz...
1 <-> 2: nqvupyfpio
return brjknieqtb
...qbnkxxmq...
2 -// 0: hcpnkjmymi
end
1 ->] : gmpitxhlra
autonumber stop
else adejrgsjxryy
2 -\\ 1++ : yzwtiwdleo
1 -> 0++ : uyifycaepj
autonumber resume
...idyjqemd...
1 -> 1: fnteignccc
return zcuvvjazsv
1 -->x 2: upbsfnrxsz
end
2 ->o 1: axaopcmqmk
 [-> 1: xxqkauosuc
0 -> 0: hyqexfyygr
critical zzxnjqcambrf
...rwsbwvgf...
2 -// 0: pestrblzla
autonumber stop
alt tzkkrokebadq
2 ->o 2: gufnjvzhxk
return fbpalhjigp
autonumber resume
...szqbhcog...
0 -> 1!! : gtaheffggh
1 -\\ 2: sdsbsphnhv
else xsaxcpvodmwk
loop kmdznnlgsqoo
1 -> 0: hyykovqvbk
...efglzper...
2 ->x 2: eogognkgha
2 <-> 0: vdixyssynr
autonumber stop
else vxdxqvzpdoyd
alt plueswlbfwfr
...cofbsuwx...
1 -> 2++ : gjlxwcxoxt
...fhfxsvut...
2 -\\ 0: wccmwihiyk
return iitjspgcez
else xngbzjctcxat
1 -// 0++ : eqgavqmidd
autonumber resume
2 -> 0: owpbvubbmz
return umfhhvlziq
1 ->] : gfjpeyvght
end
0 ->x 1: gbtjxbosya
else ieqoqrwsbnxu
...fszkpvlx...
0 -> 0: cwuuycmbxe
autonumber stop
2 ->x 0: txpvrmkcjl
end
par xyjhkweysfki
0 ->x 1: iygkypcryi
autonumber resume
2 -> 2++ : cjceeisdcw
else ktvbhopzwboh
2 ->] : mnvcqxobrf
else xhtkraqjwhlq
loop ihrmbjuxkbcw
...kelrtfvo...
1 ->] : fcyrczzomz
1 ->o 1: diefujsvxj
...ehxtugph...
1 -> 2!! : xogopkiofn
end
...epiponhp...
0 -\\ 2++ : inbbpwxovw
critical rjcbaueaxhbn
...uzlpytzp...
2 <-] : nwptnspmek
autonumber stop
...wequcthx...
2 <-] : houeudzxlr
autonumber resume
...irbpchjf...
0 ->o 0: yecwvrdnor
autonumber stop
end
1 -> 1: atsuclctzz
return duehpsrieo
autonumber resume
2 -> 2: wofbgzskbz
return jdsfgnudjj
else hfwrldbiruml
2 ->o 0++ : hycbupjrar
end
0 ->x 2: wbnotggyaf
else pqsptifeqnor
0 --//o 0: naoiqeommd
else ghajxpqokgba
0 -> 1++ : juxlkjllnw
autonumber stop
else ptqjhpqbccgd
2 -\\ 1: hdzrlvtqvi
return hmiyavbjfu
loop rxmxsirhcsnw
 [-> 0: aymgmdjxdh
break xfkugpxzmehf
...ohhudypm...
2 ->o 0: fjryvmdwdq
return rotyfxnuab
end
end
end
end
@enduml