@startuml
participant ekfisx as 0
participant audwzf as 1
participant nxdyie as 2
participant zoqttv as 3
participant ylnlvm as 4
== ykbvsf ==
par jfquqcsmbjre
3 ->] : kduwezjssg
...ixyuzbao...
3 --> 1++ : dqkbgfrxgn
end
loop yubxyfyqckrt
...ykmgrkha...
0 -> 0: cgzmdsidhm
3 -> 2!! : wdhvfvfidh
else eupvdcaklkji
4 <-> 2++ : qhyturyswa
critical nkomxjvgbbag
...lwkrxdmj...
0 ->> 0: xjcuqvwzbo
 [<- 4: idfnshvllz
return btzsoryybo
 [<- 3: snzehppjyt
opt hmsqhefxnnaz
2 -\\ 2++ : unuaxlcdzo
3 -> 3: mdkubzjhko
3 -->x 0: gxxuoibdhs
return kgobsgztff
4 -> 3++ : pdppseyhiq
alt leeticnybmyk
2 --//o 4: cigghvwiel
break xbdqusnmsttz
3 -->x 3: ouytvkocyr
return sivnmiavjm
loop ifqlzahxpdcn
...uzhvurro...
2 ->> 0: zuyvtexfwb
2 -\\ 0: atcmbhbqtz
return bbyjkdaxuk
else xqrkiofmazfp
4 --> 2: opdcialzdu
end
1 -> 2!! : tugzvwehvu
end
 [<- 1: oofgpfkttv
1 ->o 2: khqceozyyx
2 -->x 4: xsyqohkkey
else fryybnaakxju
0 -> 2: stjpuyfkht
end
create participant fyoplsxzxb as 5
3 -> 5 : fyoplsxzxb
1 ->x 3: jyrycrrtsu
2 -> 5++ : fsolszvbuj
end
loop cudqcioagwfl
...ejobmlqw...
1 ->> 4: lugsxnditf
return evfftsrlgf
4 --> 1: kyjreupfrt
else tjurffteskjm
critical lxqpjknqcuof
2 -> 4: ugxuxfrokk
1 ->o 3: lrgmjyiekf
 [-> 3: vxpjgzwhkv
else ypxuxyeepjep
...pukdepwr...
0 -> 3: pfpmtfpqiz
else egkdzpejqnam
par lghdtzhrqgub
...dcihdlxf...
2 -\\ 4: gqqvmhbgrd
loop gvlmngbfmjyq
 [-> 5: mjezynvjwu
1 -> 2: hsyheovxjb
else cdabvzmrhcsh
5 -> 3: qdgbtprvzh
0 ->] : xdfxwlckzy
end
0 -// 0++ : vjfecwvztb
 [-> 3: zukvcgoejk
4 ->> 5: ugchqvwksq
 [<- 3: kxvwmpyzut
return bwmbnbjzuo
else itukfpxvdfhf
...yozozluu...
3 ->> 3++ : xsuwzduigm
...olgmvhry...
3 -> 3: xkiftciojk
end
1 <-] : pzjdnuebfk
4 -// 2++ : axesdarpnf
else tmonzovnlddp
critical bkznpjlzgvpc
1 -// 3: smcogcbzby
alt dtpuowuauxss
2 <-] : juvyfuuecq
end
end
end
end
end
end
return gxyuznpqra
return vxzsgdlshg
@enduml