@startuml
participant anivmb as 0
participant yjehen as 1
box "nodaj"
participant ekbtdc as 2
box "mxnxg"
participant uwmgqz as 3
participant hqtbph as 4
end box
end box
== clckqq ==
autonumber 1 6
0 -// 4++ : kxuayasmhf
autonumber stop
critical ekziedtttsqf
0 --> 1: lhrraclyfm
return xlfsubqglo
alt asogswlehioo
 [-> 1: vetuaaxtlq
0 <-] : nkavobykem
autonumber resume
0 -// 3: sbsettmwhx
loop reqjkwlinjjd
3 -\\ 2: vnaxkqyfyu
...fhmguqty...
4 <-] : fotxhtrygg
create participant fnchyywzan as 5
4 -> 5 : fnchyywzan
0 --//o 5++ : elclhmrjbk
autonumber stop
else undhblwflova
 [<- 5: mqzaecvjgw
loop pwqcamkiqmwy
3 -> 0: jjxtndqwkw
opt iiuekxayenpl
5 -// 2: qmqwzbblnx
critical nnsmylwxkefd
 [-> 1: pfyhaiqmqm
...ikxbgjtj...
5 -> 3: tggddcawbj
return kzrkclrtbf
0 -// 0++ : uxkajwpfho
1 -->x 0++ : picwolnwnp
else bbyczgmygmfp
2 -> 2++ : funtcjnwpt
autonumber resume
 [<- 2: pxtfqxzqgu
...phbkpxik...
3 -> 4: ilqohtycem
return tqfrdapibu
end
1 ->] : ognomvvziu
alt ipqgdefcyckq
3 <-> 3: bweqjzqdte
return cxfublrvup
3 <-> 3++ : zjfvrsmeob
autonumber stop
4 -> 3!! : zfdouubjde
autonumber resume
else etfwlcmuwjst
4 -->x 3++ : chiqrsoxuj
else rlusrzyttywk
3 ->> 2++ : cjdoftwjbe
autonumber stop
1 ->] : pplmxnlqzv
5 -> 3++ : cnqhjzvhos
else wduhicwfvayl
opt acfycavbjbox
4 -> 0: aanqqmuhot
autonumber resume
 [-> 4: exaqabclnz
autonumber stop
par vlvubgrwlnpl
...mezrmoon...
2 -->x 5: beoebzjfsi
return hmkqzfyvqa
autonumber resume
par fycsaelkkurh
...noanisyh...
5 -> 2: wtcfxwmkmy
par tcfpmrtidiot
1 ->x 3: rfopgcwibf
break sqeewafhfjry
1 ->o 5: fgdydexkux
autonumber stop
4 -> 1: rmwxdvwqrv
1 --> 5: sedfsqvulx
return fgdkicitag
else wbtyhzfdhkrv
3 ->] : iwlqbbxkje
end
 [<- 0: zromtdejkx
return quchexrevt
5 -> 4: gajiduoucg
1 <-> 5: iipibkvllm
autonumber resume
5 ->o 3++ : lmuzbrgpsu
critical tkkdsyoytovv
...nwfpapuq...
2 -> 3: gheyscqcvl
autonumber stop
...vdadmxym...
3 -> 0: qdkuyzsafo
return gaceovaxoz
autonumber resume
else fkqtzdllvvrm
...wigitjjt...
5 --//o 2: bwjaadluya
return ubvyapymjk
1 -> 5: oxotzmmews
autonumber stop
 [-> 3: wwfduuaoqk
autonumber resume
2 ->o 1: itlvfsiqjr
return fexoagkhqi
opt gvmirksvodfd
3 -> 4!! : fcqfuvkrzl
par lbibhnhmeohc
...ajcpeudu...
0 <-> 0++ : bkslffzjxz
autonumber stop
3 ->x 2: pgsncggmum
return ktaqshxcsy
autonumber resume
else dzcufvdqhala
3 -> 3++ : ovepsxcsdb
end
...nuyrgtcf...
0 -// 5++ : wmgvrfxzyj
autonumber stop
opt xitguktkwqzw
0 -> 4: uglmphdrqj
return eiczclkshn
...vffisnxd...
2 <-> 0: xmfqthxufk
return mbscyvxftv
autonumber resume
1 --//o 1: bixizgbvqi
else eywgvvjamxnh
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
@enduml