@startuml
participant fqlfki as 0
participant iwbpjr as 1
participant xfrvxr as 2
participant zxuhdt as 3
participant onjdwx as 4
autonumber 8 6
 [<- 4: brnxinoqnr
autonumber stop
2 --> 2: yxudrnmhgl
3 -> 4: svedlkmdtq
break lppotwqvablq
1 ->> 3: cazeeyblwo
autonumber resume
...kvlylpkb...
2 --> 3: xzoefglhjx
1 <-] : gyfodlvbru
1 ->] : ftyydqpvtc
autonumber stop
0 -\\ 0: yfjqqninya
par qxsswzvmxuwx
4 -> 2++ : guhcoavgvp
alt kzrrphawxyux
3 -> 2++ : odjmfwidtq
autonumber resume
1 -> 2: ngwzhoceqk
autonumber stop
else pgwehbmkpgvk
break zzpkzxsmgskq
0 -// 0: dbtnflurzw
1 -> 4++ : xptklueteo
else roxkixrggbfy
1 ->> 3: srucppuwbw
return rlrwjpzeci
critical ivkxkohltcrg
 [<- 0: peubftjaml
alt dpiwutgdkhgg
 [-> 4: pbxrtnsyab
autonumber resume
4 <-] : mafyknmetv
else wrzrretnbpie
...itmhmbjf...
1 -\\ 2: mmaiygcpzz
return jgqllsyzpy
3 -> 2++ : liqarkffpk
autonumber stop
else ehftveumjsjw
4 -> 3: tfghyvezgn
autonumber resume
critical hxhbtbbyilsj
1 -> 2!! : tqlzyklrgu
autonumber stop
2 ->> 4++ : clhzhvhocy
autonumber resume
...zagesagc...
4 -> 2: xhdtkvjlve
0 -> 1++ : vlbjmyglwa
end
1 -> 4++ : raqjgqvndc
end
3 -> 4!! : vppfioiwtv
end
2 <-] : hechewmnvc
3 -> 3: wfangjxbgk
return hkqnqrbshp
else hmehwljphkbj
loop ublzhsmhnlwg
...ckpbgqlv...
2 -> 1++ : zqtrwnlxkg
critical qnbiobqjrnye
0 -> 3!! : ukalnjrfsc
return kycmnutmeq
1 -->x 4++ : xpkjaelpjk
alt lozwwtvdddjj
4 -> 2: gysvxdvotv
return plftipjxzm
0 <-] : ifvqlsurnd
autonumber stop
else hphxdmkwsbrk
0 --> 1: lbjtwiuqnk
else yxwlmlkekjnw
...mitzmops...
1 -->x 3: tuapuceatj
else sgwhyfkjsvek
break kdfheoawenkf
2 <-] : geuhljijtt
autonumber resume
3 ->> 3: jqgpvtfyoq
return imvfvwpsxr
...jfhhxcxc...
0 --//o 0: luecfmxqyz
alt nkgeueqcxxqg
...eijxecbo...
4 ->] : gtqdyrihjc
return lidkahbiot
2 -> 2!! : uzhjfzfohr
autonumber stop
...gjkfecxm...
0 -->x 3++ : ncxlaozmii
...ckjldgit...
3 --> 0: zzqxzrjadt
return ztxptokqbg
end
...uctfbzsw...
4 -> 1: wjjntibfsi
autonumber resume
break qjzdqfsybhxo
 [<- 2: xafdtimxbz
0 -->x 2++ : ovbqndhbdl
autonumber stop
else mtukdqaywwyh
3 -\\ 2: mbstcysonr
break cwcpxbjgiiay
1 -\\ 1++ : kdyatbavci
autonumber resume
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
return pmovtuwbxk
return dbpesmvdhj
return uzoaqqqwfj
return wpmyuxlpyc
@enduml