@startuml
box "mcymr"
participant khuavk as 0
participant ygoxxx as 1
end box
participant jduoyg as 2
== itdyru ==
autonumber 1 8
opt czgdjlufylnq
0 -> 1: rujavdkqck
0 -> 2++ : jzigfmhrop
else ziigpuxcmlfv
opt rtzjibjaaeun
create participant nmhdqghmfo as 3
2 -> 3 : nmhdqghmfo
0 <-> 2++ : pkmbgfizvh
autonumber stop
end
loop xeqexevxurkp
3 --> 3: iblltdasrd
...csnusmgo...
2 -// 3: msowrcewsf
...woummxgb...
3 ->> 1: wpezmmawyq
return ndluoqlxrl
autonumber resume
else pvhvqqxxscyl
0 ->x 1: jxwvoxoqgt
autonumber stop
0 -// 0++ : llcoigcbom
autonumber resume
...lmktemfj...
1 ->o 2++ : rigwwfswmg
end
break pvqqqctfxhuc
0 <-> 0: thnokkkvep
autonumber stop
par dykpdwyjvglr
1 -->x 1: utvcuyutxz
loop iobeaiykwoif
1 <-] : iwczfabtru
autonumber resume
alt cjythzxbmugg
2 -> 1: cckvchumtp
critical dbesbhmgwczg
3 -> 0++ : yybxkwppfd
autonumber stop
0 <-> 2: qljzoiflmy
return lbvvdqjfan
autonumber resume
3 -> 3: lrjbnouzhu
1 -\\ 3: clrbpltgpf
2 ->x 0: dfksetecbk
autonumber stop
end
par aozdhmoozfyv
...psknpkiu...
2 ->x 2: wxengnrqwv
return vkzjfnvbwj
...ypvstsfu...
2 --> 2: iozinjqtqd
autonumber resume
...bihagxlu...
 [<- 2: woudfyflup
else excohropsjut
...poclkfcv...
 [-> 3: dboyoucohw
return spvjwivgcb
end
1 -> 0!! : jsmnhheczi
end
3 -->x 3: brhrmbqmjl
...dibhdqze...
3 -->x 3: fettyvqkzr
else fsvoyrcimrfq
1 -> 2: clclilnjzd
autonumber stop
2 -> 2++ : fcwxxxnmyc
critical osogxhxbpfry
2 -> 3++ : dvdqciksbk
...xngdkgxj...
1 <-> 2: fvtyrejjnn
return pbveyxdxnu
2 ->o 0: dqavduuhwo
return nfhpqbsurf
else bobuwrvboooz
...fqbefpbv...
0 -> 2++ : irfwyzugjj
autonumber resume
1 -> 2: mhuvofwobg
return xcvcizvffo
else fyyncyiafsze
...wyrwgjxu...
1 -> 3!! : onxzuozwpk
else fbcwsemuvvrd
 [-> 3: jvgedawktl
else tzvrzdgqxwce
...otkhxkxw...
3 -> 3!! : aqxxinvzld
autonumber stop
3 -> 2: qmbzyjjuzf
return wernorfmhl
autonumber resume
loop rciwfekibzur
...pidohoqm...
0 -> 3: dozrsverwq
autonumber stop
critical lcgcotceddok
...uirkoitk...
1 -->x 1: otanngkbfd
autonumber resume
loop fatoxsfvjcse
...qpvxrmvr...
1 -> 3: fqszhahrpu
autonumber stop
1 ->] : foxkpwubot
autonumber resume
2 -> 1: iinsgcpgod
...dufpmytf...
3 -> 1++ : fycdyenzui
else preoscvsdgtl
1 ->x 1++ : lluhtzpuba
...zgnwtszu...
3 -> 1++ : shqvsfmzgo
else snwnsombbbmj
loop mykfebowomga
...vglpntco...
0 ->o 2: bviynqooyt
return xfkdtgcxbu
3 ->o 0: jhvutoourf
3 -// 0: orqijvezdc
return gxlmlsfuqi
autonumber stop
else ofrlabakzkyp
3 -> 2++ : mlriwuzvsa
autonumber resume
 [<- 0: kmweatwtxm
opt nlwkwjhrhzau
2 ->x 0++ : wmjhobcmme
0 ->> 3: adlnetdvwz
return jvzczyazjf
0 -> 1: oxpwhnwbsu
return pduejpxspv
autonumber stop
3 ->x 0: vwwszehgxp
0 --//o 2: bxpttujves
return atvbojjbtn
autonumber resume
else xowtxgvioqas
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
@enduml