@startuml
state kijqbo
state eorxin <<choice>>
kijqbo --> eorxin : fhysl
eorxin --> chmjuz : onlz
chmjuz --> csnzfs : ssbaj
csnzfs --> hsqkql : lewpy
hsqkql --> rhwlcy : vhibpxk
eorxin --> sjscic : mqxd
sjscic --> tdnixk : okkfl
tdnixk --> rhwlcy : ndjuzko
eorxin --> fneegz : emhq
fneegz --> iynahl : znhgy
iynahl --> hlqtry : rgiog
hlqtry --> ugegzp : imusg
ugegzp --> rhwlcy : meqtpbk
rhwlcy --> qctjru : xjpnk
qctjru --> oxfceb : byvew
oxfceb --> ojslqv : tjrzx
ojslqv --> fvrddw : jtdjp
fvrddw --> hogqyo : afdsn
hogqyo --> radtnz : ymgjn
radtnz --> rceool : kgvyz
rceool --> dmyobo : fpsur
dmyobo --> btoxhz : afbsu
btoxhz --> rnhpix : wdnfj
rnhpix --> apzijc : gvfvd
state apzijc {
ajnugy --> egnynb : guvij
egnynb --> oepzim : jfqky
oepzim --> mihllg : egzwh
}
apzijc --> rdlmdn : smbpy
rdlmdn --> gkpivl : vyynj
gkpivl --> wirbpo : mpknr
state wirbpo {
tmgrhc --> bxtiue : emtns
bxtiue --> nkbdyd : vksou
nkbdyd --> [*] : aqyoo
}
wirbpo --> jlfyla : xxzhz
jlfyla --> [*] : sszoe
@enduml