@startuml
hide empty description
state dxygfd
dxygfd --> yzdaaz : tbeck
state wddnnz <<choice>>
yzdaaz --> wddnnz : pfast
wddnnz --> jmsyuw : tbzs
jmsyuw --> ylxcua : wrenv
ylxcua --> dsuxon : gycnp
dsuxon --> qaziiq : lsupj
qaziiq --> edjima : lepqitg
wddnnz --> uksvry : vtfq
uksvry --> gmaydi : sokyl
gmaydi --> tupugd : dpejs
tupugd --> ybzfzu : slccv
ybzfzu --> edjima : ljgbupw
state hafcuw <<fork>>
edjima --> hafcuw : mqeue
state ehxflx <<join>>
hafcuw --> ivtlkh : ladx
ivtlkh --> xcupob : qpflt
xcupob --> ehxflx : iypqwul
hafcuw --> jnwimn : uiik
jnwimn --> flopcd : vklds
flopcd --> ehxflx : xmuwijx
hafcuw --> gbidlc : qrwh
gbidlc --> zjcafz : dhjjo
zjcafz --> ehxflx : fsnejem
ehxflx --> czxryv : bcujp
czxryv --> vwhfyx : lbcho
vwhfyx --> vsjdew : zvlbh
@enduml