@startuml
state pjjvcz
pjjvcz --> kgidqk : gtnit
kgidqk --> ewubwk : ldbgn
ewubwk --> cajnlg : htgqv
cajnlg --> sknyda : ufnfv
sknyda --> sjyjuw : odlpq
state zykrpn <<fork>>
sjyjuw --> zykrpn : fvcfj
state zewqqx <<join>>
zykrpn --> xjvjjb : zdfl
xjvjjb --> yzwwdq : inaii
yzwwdq --> klgtww : wxqie
klgtww --> ysxnag : jmlwi
ysxnag --> zewqqx : doaqmla
zykrpn --> gdcyvw : bqdb
gdcyvw --> sevmnu : pjrhr
sevmnu --> zewqqx : yvlauzw
zykrpn --> njffsz : xbuh
njffsz --> kjcjga : blhvi
kjcjga --> hrqesd : zenye
hrqesd --> zewqqx : fqpsytr
state adnqah <<choice>>
zewqqx --> adnqah : fhvja
adnqah --> vzsldg : ipjh
vzsldg --> nnkxag : oiqdo
nnkxag --> nbfxcu : yjcpk
nbfxcu --> ptfiil : kjxwjya
adnqah --> obpcyl : ukrt
obpcyl --> ccsgtd : fnoia
ccsgtd --> igsjct : sepys
igsjct --> smasrs : fyava
smasrs --> ptfiil : vcmzarm
adnqah --> qtcvre : hbgj
qtcvre --> lmvbhl : hciho
lmvbhl --> atwfad : wvzcj
atwfad --> ptfiil : aaywqen
ptfiil --> xcupli : gjtka
xcupli --> mdkdff : zfiwy
state mdkdff {
mzmhzb --> ocltyi : ufcok
ocltyi --> [*] : mpoll
}
@enduml