@startuml
state qfvvjr
qfvvjr --> iqefrw : cxiah
iqefrw --> pycysm : mkveq
pycysm --> msjzdo : yfdmg
msjzdo --> qmuynz : pjwve
qmuynz --> ifvkyx : pzvxu
ifvkyx --> blxymq : ldrsc
blxymq --> mmkcdx : usaii
mmkcdx --> fuzldm : jrekz
fuzldm --> avtcjb : gbprb
avtcjb --> sopsnt : iotgs
state sxoyjk <<fork>>
sopsnt --> sxoyjk : kjqic
state sjwtfj <<join>>
sxoyjk --> kistqe : uyql
kistqe --> rnyigt : cdhox
rnyigt --> mkutlu : gkprn
mkutlu --> wwzmnl : rnxkv
wwzmnl --> sjwtfj : bgirype
sxoyjk --> fhuydr : qksz
fhuydr --> wgvlwr : qsvwy
wgvlwr --> pfdmtw : hmctr
pfdmtw --> hltbjl : djtdo
hltbjl --> sjwtfj : uummqkc
sjwtfj --> flarqg : zbcwy
state qcnwwu <<choice>>
flarqg --> qcnwwu : octmv
qcnwwu --> rodzyj : qtrd
rodzyj --> zjtrrs : fioni
zjtrrs --> fsaigo : dqmfd
fsaigo --> gycuhw : tspkp
gycuhw --> hpaqns : egrvfpq
qcnwwu --> ghzbmh : gpyl
ghzbmh --> gwwmvd : gkmns
gwwmvd --> zegevu : hmzva
zegevu --> wbhgdm : jrvow
wbhgdm --> hpaqns : bjemocc
qcnwwu --> nmayba : xrjp
nmayba --> azqqfb : upwop
azqqfb --> hpaqns : yshihaa
hpaqns --> ygmsyj : mcnlc
@enduml