@startuml
state rzsxgy
[*] --> rzsxgy : kpeto
state zoajyz <<fork>>
rzsxgy --> zoajyz : nelha
state bcxewh <<join>>
zoajyz --> bibskg : vxun
bibskg --> vfeoma : ngjkl
vfeoma --> kzazch : bbyzq
kzazch --> bfiohn : itdsv
bfiohn --> bcxewh : zqymvff
zoajyz --> axqoqt : iyyz
axqoqt --> hhpxpe : djdyk
hhpxpe --> bcxewh : angpujq
zoajyz --> fbikqh : kqyp
fbikqh --> ktioas : yndph
ktioas --> bcxewh : shodzkr
bcxewh --> antjyo : tfnic
antjyo --> daqhxe : tsdzx
daqhxe --> irmvzj : krker
irmvzj --> pyakdn : pqlia
pyakdn --> bdmzzc : matig
bdmzzc --> gsedhl : ijefu
gsedhl --> vusjmd : bweaj
vusjmd --> szdksw : raqqf
@enduml