@startuml
hide empty description
state rrvguq
[*] --> rrvguq : jxgfl
rrvguq --> mkokyk : pjigt
mkokyk --> gqrofj : vfvwx
gqrofj --> zmbtyk : jqlfm
zmbtyk --> ttmkdt : uznoo
ttmkdt --> plqzwt : pujov
state dbmceo <<choice>>
plqzwt --> dbmceo : lulzv
dbmceo --> bmmysq : odvv
bmmysq --> amsnkd : gzfbz
amsnkd --> cfkrad : ddbiaji
dbmceo --> ugtdhs : fhhu
ugtdhs --> gzaxmg : sdlso
gzaxmg --> uonxwx : frzpm
uonxwx --> cfkrad : xssjfwt
cfkrad --> znusrr : kybld
znusrr --> crihfx : lxlzz
crihfx --> lpyjcc : xsgwg
lpyjcc --> [*] : ogxvo
@enduml