@startuml
state foagcc
foagcc --> brqhuy : jznsc
brqhuy --> sylpon : vpchr
sylpon --> elaxay : gpxks
elaxay --> vplqvp : nhgsa
vplqvp --> uzrvcb : mzvuu
state lxwyni <<fork>>
uzrvcb --> lxwyni : fcasl
state urnimz <<join>>
lxwyni --> ekgwtl : yxyw
ekgwtl --> myfcsp : lakqo
myfcsp --> urnimz : mtvhyso
lxwyni --> wnrxgh : kxbg
wnrxgh --> upwkjb : hpstp
upwkjb --> wntyzd : ruxsf
wntyzd --> zpjbql : ebged
zpjbql --> urnimz : ojlatmg
lxwyni --> cziziz : kfxr
cziziz --> yufrnf : jcjmw
yufrnf --> urnimz : lkdkkpi
state cureak <<choice>>
urnimz --> cureak : aafui
cureak --> otbomt : tywg
otbomt --> modvci : uqrib
modvci --> kvqfiq : cgzcb
kvqfiq --> oewlhx : inkbxqc
cureak --> qtdszb : nilw
qtdszb --> evccil : ywenz
evccil --> armodz : iufnm
armodz --> oewlhx : oqpghgh
@enduml