@startuml
hide empty description
state pyvwma
state ooiptw <<choice>>
pyvwma --> ooiptw : jhmte
ooiptw --> mzxwqf : ffnt
mzxwqf --> wrtxmo : casvo
wrtxmo --> sroooh : fbmfffd
ooiptw --> luvdnc : clru
luvdnc --> iwczwa : hzirn
iwczwa --> hwdqyc : nthmq
hwdqyc --> sroooh : acgvxeq
ooiptw --> bufqot : ptjp
bufqot --> bsdrmt : bockc
bsdrmt --> kxwjhh : nuxww
kxwjhh --> sroooh : dyvxggt
sroooh --> qwvnbe : xvnvo
qwvnbe --> vxazqt : quaew
state vxazqt {
lckfut --> fifecy : hckpd
fifecy --> [*] : nrwqw
}
vxazqt --> matpht : gfxkz
matpht --> emjrgc : gwrop
emjrgc --> [*] : ipjtw
@enduml