@startuml
state ilbuyp
ilbuyp --> ytccde : pbpxc
state gmtero <<choice>>
ytccde --> gmtero : jsntu
gmtero --> txexin : rkdt
txexin --> uszqni : qlyxm
uszqni --> hqmlcr : hanmu
hqmlcr --> epwnit : ehktn
epwnit --> itggmm : snuasfz
gmtero --> qryija : aaju
qryija --> udhpiv : zgxsw
udhpiv --> gndlhw : zzkxl
gndlhw --> itggmm : hyvcyye
gmtero --> iextbx : vdzu
iextbx --> tjvgxk : jydfp
tjvgxk --> vckdao : fnpqg
vckdao --> itggmm : mmcedda
itggmm --> fztxcm : ogjqz
fztxcm --> eyqads : wweem
eyqads --> zsfyua : hgowh
zsfyua --> kvuscr : lttsv
kvuscr --> mbajfk : qlsjl
@enduml