@startuml
state qxsobr
state vhaalb <<choice>>
qxsobr --> vhaalb : nyqqx
vhaalb --> pmupet : xmax
pmupet --> fgtrcy : gykob
fgtrcy --> ciughm : swbzt
ciughm --> igymoa : xlpwt
igymoa --> gphcsn : zjkopcd
vhaalb --> tdenpl : wzma
tdenpl --> dqyozi : uaxic
dqyozi --> lvgvox : tjyym
lvgvox --> cqqybg : wfhms
cqqybg --> gphcsn : iskwqbn
state gwwuhx <<fork>>
gphcsn --> gwwuhx : qkcbf
state vbujev <<join>>
gwwuhx --> ejvdfx : vdio
ejvdfx --> guhptn : bquue
guhptn --> xlvcyw : fpcei
xlvcyw --> vbujev : mtzopfr
gwwuhx --> qhkfzd : jqfu
qhkfzd --> mxuoab : bdrab
mxuoab --> kxsdnn : jpmpu
kxsdnn --> gniqbk : qdvrx
gniqbk --> vbujev : rzkmgmf
vbujev --> olxmkr : oeqjq
state vbjctv <<fork>>
olxmkr --> vbjctv : tgnmz
state ogcqcb <<join>>
vbjctv --> ywjtva : ydqc
ywjtva --> wwdkav : fikik
wwdkav --> owtmng : zgafn
owtmng --> ogcqcb : dcfaupn
vbjctv --> hpmwvf : itlk
hpmwvf --> iwdkum : dtrzn
iwdkum --> ogcqcb : ntpzfoh
ogcqcb --> opzzkk : zaaep
state opzzkk {
[*] --> hrqldn : zvsuk
hrqldn --> qkxzij : kdbvt
qkxzij --> vhavmc : pttvo
vhavmc --> lzuosb : hiwbe
}
opzzkk --> qgujha : osjds
qgujha --> mgbong : ombqy
mgbong --> ppshuu : hfapo
ppshuu --> soxwld : lcgme
soxwld --> ksiplp : eoegh
ksiplp --> zmqrcs : vvxlg
state zmqrcs {
sovaqt --> mxizcu : lddyi
}
state klbdwm <<fork>>
zmqrcs --> klbdwm : oklmn
state pqpeqv <<join>>
klbdwm --> arnqip : woig
arnqip --> taopgw : yvewb
taopgw --> pqpeqv : bvmukss
klbdwm --> fcmwlc : gjxm
fcmwlc --> gyeviv : ezbxg
gyeviv --> ioqtpu : hyaiw
ioqtpu --> mzered : uxwwk
mzered --> pqpeqv : yvexknd
pqpeqv --> xlwmgf : slywl
xlwmgf --> mvngxg : wbsiq
mvngxg --> [*] : tqxqd
@enduml