@startuml
hide empty description
state cbnram
cbnram --> rgkotb : hvstx
rgkotb --> ngbxmm : xcjhw
state jgvlhh <<choice>>
ngbxmm --> jgvlhh : xzblw
jgvlhh --> bmzpra : siaq
bmzpra --> srkaqd : ojixd
srkaqd --> zpmyzn : ggkeh
zpmyzn --> rkjwta : pawzi
rkjwta --> qceyfm : axzsohq
jgvlhh --> xjudlm : hagb
xjudlm --> rrcjpf : qjxbr
rrcjpf --> pcqnib : trpvw
pcqnib --> sitikt : eamvn
sitikt --> qceyfm : qindivg
jgvlhh --> xqgbcm : ouak
xqgbcm --> vhvylh : qeuhg
vhvylh --> qceyfm : lyazpil
qceyfm --> phrpla : nugjl
phrpla --> hvosle : qlulc
hvosle --> hyjmpg : vemlg
@enduml