@startuml
hide empty description
state ofetyr
ofetyr --> bdydpj : frgnx
bdydpj --> pybgse : jsrkz
pybgse --> kwguvh : eezwu
state kwguvh {
[*] --> ocbwqy : eipch
ocbwqy --> uhykem : voflr
uhykem --> npkvyj : urtqa
npkvyj --> iniqye : uqoma
iniqye --> [*] : fsnkx
}
kwguvh --> itnfrs : tqssx
itnfrs --> oexehm : pnexi
state dgokci <<choice>>
oexehm --> dgokci : upkjd
dgokci --> bxefgm : zlst
bxefgm --> mzrdbr : vults
mzrdbr --> aalvvc : mypou
aalvvc --> ufthpy : ebdrj
ufthpy --> wuofmt : gxwprzl
dgokci --> lywcxw : xuby
lywcxw --> ctvgek : cdatr
ctvgek --> pvxznz : ryjfc
pvxznz --> wuofmt : pyeepza
wuofmt --> umembg : ojizh
umembg --> udvxjw : ekugg
udvxjw --> rwkavp : egsho
rwkavp --> qjnhne : woqwp
qjnhne --> ifxeil : fmlry
@enduml