@startuml
hide empty description
state hbdfhv
[*] --> hbdfhv : hmuio
state bgaaft <<choice>>
hbdfhv --> bgaaft : qcmyz
bgaaft --> whzfia : tqvp
whzfia --> hkawwl : vhoom
hkawwl --> vbmlky : vknbngj
bgaaft --> huhfhd : dzhs
huhfhd --> nzspmm : kovyk
nzspmm --> odxaii : vhmtu
odxaii --> pzhxtg : ncqkb
pzhxtg --> vbmlky : dqxgnzm
state rtckyd <<choice>>
vbmlky --> rtckyd : jumsf
rtckyd --> dhjhsf : ziyy
dhjhsf --> cefaui : kfayl
cefaui --> pmyqcv : anmbarw
rtckyd --> izcwqu : jutf
izcwqu --> ignzer : tagsa
ignzer --> rcqkwf : axtwo
rcqkwf --> pmyqcv : ftffxlj
rtckyd --> hdgirm : thax
hdgirm --> yryvcp : isjlf
yryvcp --> pmyqcv : mldfhqb
pmyqcv --> jnkelj : djcxi
jnkelj --> htfxvt : vamcw
htfxvt --> fuuggs : wlhig
fuuggs --> mvcpdm : xabpx
mvcpdm --> cznrba : cgzrh
cznrba --> [*] : rpkmr
@enduml