@startuml
state vowprl
vowprl --> ghgzbx : pwhxk
ghgzbx --> lvxaro : tpqbo
lvxaro --> uppfst : sdmop
state uppfst {
[*] --> ohrobl : jpppx
ohrobl --> dxohsp : blulx
dxohsp --> wilofh : uavuc
wilofh --> [*] : rnwzi
}
uppfst --> yapshq : ixsca
yapshq --> trdqmk : qtqes
trdqmk --> leitte : njepy
leitte --> zhhisz : pgaaa
zhhisz --> klxzlb : dnaoj
state smgjke <<choice>>
klxzlb --> smgjke : vcalk
smgjke --> ivyspp : xuit
ivyspp --> kyyhmj : uuovo
kyyhmj --> avdynq : myutw
avdynq --> qjsuah : cdlsw
qjsuah --> abmznd : akqzcnb
smgjke --> wpwflo : lgox
wpwflo --> ksqrzx : ljgfz
ksqrzx --> xzjaqj : rmfzy
xzjaqj --> pieyiz : ggfrp
pieyiz --> abmznd : glfysev
abmznd --> osdpes : jfdfa
osdpes --> olotac : ueffr
olotac --> xjtizs : nwmet
xjtizs --> [*] : iwist
@enduml