@startuml
state qcpnwg
qcpnwg --> munmhx : qxmjh
state ssusid <<choice>>
munmhx --> ssusid : qzxyv
ssusid --> fxfadp : vkow
fxfadp --> kzrovm : nckqu
kzrovm --> tytrsl : xmryu
tytrsl --> dguors : xuwcshj
ssusid --> veyfzb : whnt
veyfzb --> wskndr : xsjhl
wskndr --> wyhmxo : botqj
wyhmxo --> dtohqs : aezaj
dtohqs --> dguors : bhfwfcn
ssusid --> eaemcm : ebpr
eaemcm --> itelpr : ccrcw
itelpr --> dguors : swpyrye
dguors --> vvwqzf : ptsjk
state nkbtyi <<choice>>
vvwqzf --> nkbtyi : pqpwa
nkbtyi --> yxmazu : uanh
yxmazu --> dgplnl : czxeg
dgplnl --> xvoxhn : izsek
xvoxhn --> cdyoto : bugaw
cdyoto --> rqduim : xwvfsrz
nkbtyi --> yfvfwj : awug
yfvfwj --> myanbc : xflte
myanbc --> zqmxnf : zzfms
zqmxnf --> khpwey : takpc
khpwey --> rqduim : wdigyoj
state qjdsat <<fork>>
rqduim --> qjdsat : xojtt
state qhkvsq <<join>>
qjdsat --> hcgrlo : pcaq
hcgrlo --> ajamcu : wyygw
ajamcu --> qhkvsq : yuvcpce
qjdsat --> arpgcx : cijc
arpgcx --> mlbqeo : ilhtd
mlbqeo --> ypbhhb : mqzyl
ypbhhb --> qqhyus : tamqm
qqhyus --> qhkvsq : bprcbko
qjdsat --> cxhziz : dbsg
cxhziz --> mitkmn : tuwjb
mitkmn --> qhkvsq : mtemevi
qhkvsq --> nwaomg : lbmoj
nwaomg --> hlglhz : zfpxx
state hlglhz {
[*] --> hgwwwl : dvgmp
hgwwwl --> vbybfr : htlvq
vbybfr --> [*] : viwry
}
hlglhz --> vvnbof : ttjah
vvnbof --> xlcrom : inmzq
xlcrom --> zpvkka : dbsrc
zpvkka --> xqfqui : iaffc
xqfqui --> tdetgz : boogf
tdetgz --> qeixmd : ybfsc
qeixmd --> meiddu : dzvxb
meiddu --> tzuuos : hvyrv
tzuuos --> uiyozl : gxysf
uiyozl --> [*] : nbzey
@enduml