@startuml
hide empty description
state uwwebq
uwwebq --> lbukrt : csnpg
lbukrt --> xtnihd : tzdax
xtnihd --> zpmdii : bbwbp
zpmdii --> lkghdl : roapb
lkghdl --> bwnrtg : dvvsr
bwnrtg --> kywpot : nruhf
kywpot --> ojctid : mkkqz
ojctid --> ljxyox : bifjn
state ehrjib <<fork>>
ljxyox --> ehrjib : zzgob
state yjgegf <<join>>
ehrjib --> bilwul : khfa
bilwul --> gznuxm : jmucp
gznuxm --> fbxiut : qambq
fbxiut --> yjgegf : vaxztuh
ehrjib --> jrtabs : jfxx
jrtabs --> qmogyw : ylnpl
qmogyw --> fbumtg : xvrpg
fbumtg --> edkucz : vsgft
edkucz --> yjgegf : uigheki
yjgegf --> zkrthy : cxgtl
zkrthy --> fptwgr : hhclo
state fptwgr {
[*] --> hjgigu : lurqd
hjgigu --> ulfudu : yzzux
ulfudu --> qryxcq : zgfcb
qryxcq --> [*] : hqzud
}
fptwgr --> iortdu : pptra
iortdu --> ztbvwj : jcngf
ztbvwj --> siwmzi : nzztp
siwmzi --> axawfj : words
@enduml