@startuml
hide empty description
state qfyfhz
qfyfhz --> muolvl : rehfe
muolvl --> xrcrzx : jfgag
state xrcrzx {
[*] --> kqtgss : yvfnf
kqtgss --> xsejax : pfuzi
xsejax --> xcrocj : izhuh
xcrocj --> rewhnr : pxnog
}
xrcrzx --> xvmwqq : gxacu
xvmwqq --> pnilai : pbakq
state izpbsx <<choice>>
pnilai --> izpbsx : bfbnt
izpbsx --> ehfhkd : xtei
ehfhkd --> srfoqt : tmduc
srfoqt --> wdldar : qujxqbz
izpbsx --> dzpywv : lsrc
dzpywv --> qdcazg : ygceh
qdcazg --> iqpopx : mzclo
iqpopx --> vubfvj : ydxcx
vubfvj --> wdldar : nthezqy
izpbsx --> yayvio : qtst
yayvio --> hudhyh : hrknq
hudhyh --> wdldar : dwquuqq
wdldar --> ahwmzl : nknce
ahwmzl --> tdpefd : bdzmm
state tdpefd {
ellgyh --> wlahqp : pnaat
wlahqp --> cctgxh : suxke
cctgxh --> pxcitz : mnhhs
}
@enduml