@startuml
hide empty description
state qzhhme
qzhhme --> nelsuh : cssfd
nelsuh --> uhsofl : hxbod
uhsofl --> azukbv : hhrtm
state xqszoi <<choice>>
azukbv --> xqszoi : ruiej
xqszoi --> rviqds : rbyy
rviqds --> msmbzl : wxkzc
msmbzl --> xzjvsx : vckjs
xzjvsx --> bghwse : iphqu
bghwse --> ybjqqb : laqiapd
xqszoi --> taunda : xpym
taunda --> hgvtit : uormf
hgvtit --> ybjqqb : mqhryvg
state rhimnx <<choice>>
ybjqqb --> rhimnx : vdwvi
rhimnx --> qliymd : kfah
qliymd --> pndibu : dwnud
pndibu --> zuwldl : bpbnx
zuwldl --> caunpx : aarxo
caunpx --> kbcjth : civrjlx
rhimnx --> wqmbnf : lwfl
wqmbnf --> jyfxre : btwuk
jyfxre --> kbcjth : cllpdje
rhimnx --> gzzehe : ydio
gzzehe --> mprzsx : exshq
mprzsx --> kbcjth : zowizvq
state rfgzkr <<choice>>
kbcjth --> rfgzkr : ssxlq
rfgzkr --> pvhzgs : ijyb
pvhzgs --> mgghjv : tiobu
mgghjv --> rmbslw : pasvy
rmbslw --> ogsyxv : bzfgkto
rfgzkr --> cnmjmu : drod
cnmjmu --> kijpai : vjcrz
kijpai --> ogsyxv : dhtwnny
ogsyxv --> podkjk : jnina
podkjk --> [*] : wwneb
@enduml