@startuml
state jrsgak
[*] --> jrsgak : xicvi
jrsgak --> sgotyb : wwsvz
sgotyb --> gezbjm : velmj
gezbjm --> hzshlt : wyeob
hzshlt --> nqawcz : yxucp
state ffioks <<choice>>
nqawcz --> ffioks : zmsdj
ffioks --> oxdvvq : dkie
oxdvvq --> nsjrgc : sxbpj
nsjrgc --> ptqtka : naked
ptqtka --> wyjcyb : didgm
wyjcyb --> nuvotp : fvgplvl
ffioks --> frhbyd : tyhl
frhbyd --> shxage : ryabz
shxage --> nuvotp : tahdjig
nuvotp --> sbeynh : ewjrb
sbeynh --> phvezo : evasl
phvezo --> jujaxx : nprmv
jujaxx --> hfgwpz : bziiq
hfgwpz --> aihxwu : rhhte
aihxwu --> rhbtgb : ozvpe
rhbtgb --> eapydi : xxysm
eapydi --> kyyzhi : amsoy
kyyzhi --> yofyuv : mzsnc
state roirpw <<fork>>
yofyuv --> roirpw : hwwce
state ctbpqx <<join>>
roirpw --> jlvzul : tcbz
jlvzul --> yhadoq : geugw
yhadoq --> qepsty : kxduh
qepsty --> ctbpqx : rahtiuc
roirpw --> mxbfiz : flrh
mxbfiz --> dvcfon : amvni
dvcfon --> yidqvk : qjflv
yidqvk --> ctbpqx : pmgwprh
roirpw --> arcicc : ipzc
arcicc --> qzmepz : coxnd
qzmepz --> ctbpqx : jbkicje
ctbpqx --> qpkwqh : mzmtk
qpkwqh --> [*] : qphxq
@enduml