@startuml
state ajyuxp
[*] --> ajyuxp : fmdpb
ajyuxp --> evpmkg : likqm
evpmkg --> gzumlr : zwbbd
state skzqdz <<choice>>
gzumlr --> skzqdz : djwux
skzqdz --> btoqgx : ndal
btoqgx --> srxekw : mviyy
srxekw --> xrvuwc : aoaqw
xrvuwc --> jgxscw : uyowi
jgxscw --> zspqsr : wgchzwp
skzqdz --> raujes : bmju
raujes --> muuaet : wjvgg
muuaet --> zspqsr : wdhtzhh
state nxzqbj <<fork>>
zspqsr --> nxzqbj : kvbah
state sjkvkz <<join>>
nxzqbj --> kdtpgm : dudn
kdtpgm --> fgcujt : coohf
fgcujt --> uiawed : kenkp
uiawed --> sjkvkz : yzsstfu
nxzqbj --> pkpiwa : aubd
pkpiwa --> weteut : fotmy
weteut --> luqjrt : xgyhj
luqjrt --> vnacfy : nsalq
vnacfy --> sjkvkz : joytjgh
sjkvkz --> bzwdoc : bxulm
bzwdoc --> klyozc : lpqit
klyozc --> rqwdmm : dftmb
rqwdmm --> jmojvn : znoif
jmojvn --> ayknsq : haqiz
ayknsq --> xqlfxh : euxep
xqlfxh --> juvpqm : dbnvs
juvpqm --> fijivd : hqlzm
state fijivd {
[*] --> dzfnea : nigpr
dzfnea --> phgyib : tiosm
phgyib --> bxfycm : zkcsp
bxfycm --> fdmrdu : mnvob
}
fijivd --> spppgz : gajok
spppgz --> zecmpb : bwhwq
@enduml