@startuml
hide empty description
state bdlhmn
[*] --> bdlhmn : sutkj
bdlhmn --> sjthqg : mcwhc
state rgzmhs <<choice>>
sjthqg --> rgzmhs : wukrp
rgzmhs --> unyifa : bvwh
unyifa --> zmrfzk : whgos
zmrfzk --> rrznrm : lzpjcic
rgzmhs --> mpwwrl : ykba
mpwwrl --> wiwvnb : apanf
wiwvnb --> cwdzrg : tgblg
cwdzrg --> aakaht : hywtp
aakaht --> rrznrm : rrsokki
state diwpiu <<fork>>
rrznrm --> diwpiu : qjfvi
state qlzwas <<join>>
diwpiu --> cvaawf : kziy
cvaawf --> keucnb : bamwi
keucnb --> oegchg : slqcm
oegchg --> sahtlq : auftr
sahtlq --> qlzwas : lqasubl
diwpiu --> fzidte : xtki
fzidte --> rjznec : sodpa
rjznec --> ajfvzv : wgrmt
ajfvzv --> ighqpl : uoogu
ighqpl --> qlzwas : ycydafp
qlzwas --> svbusg : fjxbw
svbusg --> xflllp : kqqic
state clmlji <<fork>>
xflllp --> clmlji : ptbyi
state wnqkby <<join>>
clmlji --> ydpkpl : dbiv
ydpkpl --> kuemma : zdwre
kuemma --> jzqhpc : cqfml
jzqhpc --> wnqkby : weakpyr
clmlji --> zsrdsp : bqyf
zsrdsp --> xdefqv : nkdwz
xdefqv --> zgggbp : fyngk
zgggbp --> kosgpl : krhdr
kosgpl --> wnqkby : rxwreem
clmlji --> hmtsnj : ynyz
hmtsnj --> snrfue : lbcvi
snrfue --> wnqkby : qnexzed
wnqkby --> wsuule : skhgg
wsuule --> [*] : esfcm
@enduml