@startuml
hide empty description
state ybnpsn
ybnpsn --> vuccyy : ncyub
state ainizo <<choice>>
vuccyy --> ainizo : ltqlo
ainizo --> uwzvoq : jghl
uwzvoq --> tbbmwp : hsbrz
tbbmwp --> zdqadx : cfwus
zdqadx --> weydtc : ftclv
weydtc --> qibbfq : wkzoxsx
ainizo --> ndvwyf : imqp
ndvwyf --> azjusw : sbyno
azjusw --> oreyco : caeyo
oreyco --> bxngta : upyla
bxngta --> qibbfq : fhwioap
ainizo --> xckgkm : vuhk
xckgkm --> duysul : ajsbo
duysul --> zbqbvq : pzlkm
zbqbvq --> ugittt : nhlmp
ugittt --> qibbfq : pzagvcp
qibbfq --> ewwdoy : csjki
ewwdoy --> keyffh : georr
keyffh --> feusdr : pxyos
feusdr --> qpzjbk : teocf
qpzjbk --> yqblyw : ikqhc
yqblyw --> hgodyu : kzwia
state aohanw <<choice>>
hgodyu --> aohanw : ocosw
aohanw --> hkhfri : poed
hkhfri --> rmodsd : wezxa
rmodsd --> pneoqa : tqerc
pneoqa --> tbutho : hdbfd
tbutho --> tsfrtc : fgibufe
aohanw --> qesacm : biuf
qesacm --> eixfwu : jxmbp
eixfwu --> tsfrtc : dfvhxyk
tsfrtc --> xueqtg : dkcen
xueqtg --> rqaelf : fwjbr
state yvsihu <<choice>>
rqaelf --> yvsihu : heaxe
yvsihu --> wnsmqz : qmpp
wnsmqz --> bjpimk : jvykh
bjpimk --> qhsxta : khfbk
qhsxta --> njqvsb : kubkj
njqvsb --> laltot : rdzfpea
yvsihu --> axojtw : hzjd
axojtw --> fugcqw : vdoyl
fugcqw --> nlfpgy : myekg
nlfpgy --> qazurs : rlnet
qazurs --> laltot : ntwrszs
laltot --> kxofsb : xgiag
state kxofsb {
[*] --> nnllps : tegyq
nnllps --> hlpbok : xguzj
}
kxofsb --> xlqzel : gycck
xlqzel --> [*] : uyhuu
@enduml