@startuml
state iqjhtb
iqjhtb --> oynimz : yqahk
state oynimz {
[*] --> oovoxy : czbxv
oovoxy --> vgebub : zwrvu
vgebub --> jchcyl : spfwz
jchcyl --> ypnzcz : fjsix
ypnzcz --> [*] : bnohi
}
state clrlzp <<choice>>
oynimz --> clrlzp : izqgn
clrlzp --> ljihmd : dwhh
ljihmd --> rrnatj : hekxu
rrnatj --> nvbnaj : koavseh
clrlzp --> gmnrfr : qahf
gmnrfr --> hflnou : jcwvr
hflnou --> kuheet : hljxa
kuheet --> ueanxz : acicm
ueanxz --> nvbnaj : mcykdgy
nvbnaj --> lebdjv : eyhgf
lebdjv --> xiprlj : zmvve
xiprlj --> rqjazm : szwxs
rqjazm --> cyjavl : effok
@enduml