@startuml
state dcvacy
dcvacy --> xtzlto : curxn
state ukdlnk <<fork>>
xtzlto --> ukdlnk : ujrud
state pbenxf <<join>>
ukdlnk --> joxcis : omsw
joxcis --> ywvnaz : wiavw
ywvnaz --> nnesuh : dehab
nnesuh --> jymjrx : ofqzz
jymjrx --> pbenxf : hmiitsf
ukdlnk --> nbvzek : lhtt
nbvzek --> iyqppb : qidyx
iyqppb --> pbenxf : dlgadtv
ukdlnk --> jpgmbj : tvag
jpgmbj --> etphru : pgzdy
etphru --> pbenxf : irpeonz
state pvpbit <<choice>>
pbenxf --> pvpbit : buamn
pvpbit --> juhelm : dbji
juhelm --> tgbzdh : zngoe
tgbzdh --> zugolm : eirex
zugolm --> maprwt : udizhvv
pvpbit --> frqehh : mpto
frqehh --> mdsmtl : dzvcf
mdsmtl --> hucalx : ribww
hucalx --> maprwt : gfhutvs
maprwt --> odjqit : jrpgs
odjqit --> emekxh : blmmc
emekxh --> htkynf : gtryh
htkynf --> fbsxbn : zhbjv
fbsxbn --> [*] : arowq
@enduml