@startuml
hide empty description
state espwjl
[*] --> espwjl : bettr
espwjl --> qevvll : frhqo
state dtliga <<fork>>
qevvll --> dtliga : rrlcf
state omsluf <<join>>
dtliga --> zhdbtv : tkxc
zhdbtv --> xjmtjb : vokth
xjmtjb --> omsluf : egpruop
dtliga --> pbiavc : pfjx
pbiavc --> cyiwaf : crtqk
cyiwaf --> vwmefb : deopw
vwmefb --> omsluf : guutstj
dtliga --> itxots : qvbz
itxots --> ppcjqx : cujta
ppcjqx --> vhbhgq : dapdx
vhbhgq --> ibjylb : mwxmi
ibjylb --> omsluf : vqgyrzy
omsluf --> yxlixq : qgkjd
yxlixq --> cvufvt : xudsn
cvufvt --> inrgyi : imlcd
@enduml