@startuml
hide empty description
state utzkvg
[*] --> utzkvg : kvgew
state ooeeff <<fork>>
utzkvg --> ooeeff : bgbhs
state bttfwa <<join>>
ooeeff --> tpklrx : ohro
tpklrx --> scchfu : iiesa
scchfu --> octnjn : rwzyi
octnjn --> bttfwa : hicaukd
ooeeff --> jsuknp : ctjf
jsuknp --> roqtde : hypnf
roqtde --> bttfwa : uzzjkzc
bttfwa --> nlyglp : zmsct
nlyglp --> akfeuh : jpikk
state divurr <<fork>>
akfeuh --> divurr : tbbbj
state ybdryy <<join>>
divurr --> kkhgnl : jfql
kkhgnl --> xgkbsf : cqwbt
xgkbsf --> ybdryy : dprjcqm
divurr --> qxrzst : hcny
qxrzst --> vnelxf : foqeb
vnelxf --> uanymu : spvvl
uanymu --> qtdyif : dgvuk
qtdyif --> ybdryy : ctgqbmn
ybdryy --> fyeuyt : cnvqd
fyeuyt --> [*] : zuhlh
@enduml