@startuml
hide empty description
state hhwrnh
hhwrnh --> kpgkqt : mgwws
state kpgkqt {
[*] --> mxgopa : zmpno
mxgopa --> zxttgx : wuwla
}
kpgkqt --> qurgfb : kcwqp
qurgfb --> ntdnzc : rdcsk
ntdnzc --> ioskdv : bpyjt
ioskdv --> wmbvov : yyvtl
state uoxkmf <<choice>>
wmbvov --> uoxkmf : fdtxa
uoxkmf --> zacwun : hyqj
zacwun --> ebzron : gdqon
ebzron --> lqxsmg : gwdvbjk
uoxkmf --> lcazab : dvqn
lcazab --> frlnry : jckda
frlnry --> lqxsmg : oluptxg
lqxsmg --> dnlekb : cwiva
state poczzz <<choice>>
dnlekb --> poczzz : wykru
poczzz --> mhbjtj : qagu
mhbjtj --> lqglmt : zukgn
lqglmt --> cacttf : whfyljr
poczzz --> ihhjae : hfqn
ihhjae --> xjlknr : qqjoh
xjlknr --> qpktxp : jmhio
qpktxp --> uthcbp : uuzus
uthcbp --> cacttf : axuzwrr
poczzz --> yfofly : gjvu
yfofly --> bojgyj : rgsaf
bojgyj --> lqmkln : ukzxv
lqmkln --> lficgn : lvjhf
lficgn --> cacttf : gnkogbi
@enduml