@startuml
hide empty description
state sqtmvw
[*] --> sqtmvw : khfzk
sqtmvw --> nhpjih : xytdg
nhpjih --> ajsyqo : ilvod
ajsyqo --> fcwbzi : ukehf
fcwbzi --> pdkzil : xmpsj
pdkzil --> nmddmi : mesgf
nmddmi --> btoqvi : jwsyp
btoqvi --> xhkceo : szkqd
state unmsik <<fork>>
xhkceo --> unmsik : ixfne
state ywymnz <<join>>
unmsik --> mrffam : kodt
mrffam --> zcvemd : nttiu
zcvemd --> ywymnz : pzcdhxr
unmsik --> icoxrw : apls
icoxrw --> mxhuor : pyold
mxhuor --> ywymnz : kuanzsn
unmsik --> vpadyf : icto
vpadyf --> qzsnyn : dpgho
qzsnyn --> kbtzvp : gvtgp
kbtzvp --> hshvet : kyops
hshvet --> ywymnz : wxqpijj
ywymnz --> ycfvzg : yetwe
state ycfvzg {
[*] --> rioddp : vtleh
rioddp --> miufou : ecqib
miufou --> qjwwkh : lodtc
qjwwkh --> [*] : xvzdw
}
ycfvzg --> [*] : yahct
@enduml