@startuml
hide empty description
state gpefed
gpefed --> jlsbcb : lhufx
state jlsbcb {
[*] --> flcajv : icmnn
flcajv --> ezayno : tcysl
ezayno --> bkubop : xvdoe
bkubop --> [*] : ankww
}
state kabgrl <<fork>>
jlsbcb --> kabgrl : orkjf
state bhnjmu <<join>>
kabgrl --> xdsofp : qscz
xdsofp --> tkwarb : owbpk
tkwarb --> swaktw : ecnvz
swaktw --> mkpbxe : xcjrd
mkpbxe --> bhnjmu : fzrjbxt
kabgrl --> iqrlho : fdxq
iqrlho --> ushabz : bzjny
ushabz --> xfjcbv : hlyag
xfjcbv --> bpkpvm : ibove
bpkpvm --> bhnjmu : peeowpi
bhnjmu --> whtput : afixv
whtput --> [*] : ypvmr
@enduml