@startuml
hide empty description
state lsrywy
lsrywy --> lbzfzu : nhpxy
lbzfzu --> isaxig : xhdbe
isaxig --> tzaltv : ghlhe
tzaltv --> pwlmxt : ynsod
state xxytng <<choice>>
pwlmxt --> xxytng : fpyqa
xxytng --> jvxuci : rlai
jvxuci --> vujpel : pbklo
vujpel --> aketqb : jobgi
aketqb --> zlmoan : qeaiyum
xxytng --> xycvfy : uxgu
xycvfy --> bfvzqi : ssfzb
bfvzqi --> iefgyt : hlgzf
iefgyt --> jojptr : elksc
jojptr --> zlmoan : wqcuxbc
xxytng --> pawidf : vnxe
pawidf --> zlofqz : xoahs
zlofqz --> grhukr : joqeh
grhukr --> zlmoan : jayshwk
zlmoan --> xaljyr : qxwtn
xaljyr --> znpyji : odxmf
znpyji --> vinihi : hfyns
vinihi --> yieqqy : rnfbg
yieqqy --> aytvgs : jghbu
@enduml