@startuml
hide empty description
state vnalxf
[*] --> vnalxf : sxxfh
state hslzxk <<fork>>
vnalxf --> hslzxk : djirr
state nhafjy <<join>>
hslzxk --> jmergy : kqwl
jmergy --> skeqon : bviwf
skeqon --> ttsing : klzhi
ttsing --> nhafjy : flcmngs
hslzxk --> wfllgj : ltyw
wfllgj --> fymazh : fxhtg
fymazh --> krqumm : llzpa
krqumm --> nhafjy : bffqwvl
hslzxk --> ouzqdd : lzcd
ouzqdd --> nloiad : uqdxd
nloiad --> nhafjy : tltbxlb
nhafjy --> zedgrj : lwzya
zedgrj --> itxobc : xfuxx
itxobc --> ducrmr : lnyyu
ducrmr --> seaefn : lwspi
seaefn --> qhkyqr : rprnv
@enduml