@startuml
hide empty description
state wfeimx
[*] --> wfeimx : npcaw
wfeimx --> znaiud : luvna
state qbjvkr <<fork>>
znaiud --> qbjvkr : wvuod
state relhlf <<join>>
qbjvkr --> nuorrk : pexb
nuorrk --> saejzi : ozcjx
saejzi --> relhlf : caytwja
qbjvkr --> pfinvm : vjhn
pfinvm --> yolwgk : jwmqf
yolwgk --> relhlf : hpnworw
qbjvkr --> scyxxo : exur
scyxxo --> rtpkii : dgeka
rtpkii --> lxdvyl : vbrap
lxdvyl --> relhlf : fpaefpz
relhlf --> jynbcn : ltxcq
jynbcn --> iiiudg : ivllk
iiiudg --> yyhezt : drqge
yyhezt --> zfogmz : bfqwd
zfogmz --> jsftpx : vlpse
jsftpx --> jjginl : puqgq
state jjginl {
[*] --> indkhn : ewkfs
indkhn --> ufvmpw : hyxnf
}
jjginl --> ssfcyj : eonnh
ssfcyj --> javjnl : kitmv
javjnl --> rsuday : whdos
rsuday --> cpvfvj : krzyy
cpvfvj --> iiivxl : ntxyr
state txuuaj <<choice>>
iiivxl --> txuuaj : sovwi
txuuaj --> xxekzi : djli
xxekzi --> ktfovh : wjtmi
ktfovh --> teowyv : lnpii
teowyv --> awlyyr : lllkjvu
txuuaj --> gbxkla : rcaq
gbxkla --> cmsfyd : mifrj
cmsfyd --> swnhtl : cfcbd
swnhtl --> awlyyr : lpwsjmw
txuuaj --> izzhee : inpj
izzhee --> knhlmz : srflu
knhlmz --> awlyyr : uvsouvm
awlyyr --> ankrxf : odfnn
ankrxf --> [*] : nnjwi
@enduml