@startuml
state klxwpl
klxwpl --> dblgfy : pvltp
dblgfy --> fnkttg : mrzuf
fnkttg --> uzigoy : xuufo
uzigoy --> jbubom : dgcbu
state jdebem <<choice>>
jbubom --> jdebem : atlrl
jdebem --> fatjzc : qnqe
fatjzc --> onvkug : hrzlk
onvkug --> qpsduv : qcyobwu
jdebem --> ybhmtn : nokh
ybhmtn --> hyzryc : gltvo
hyzryc --> ynipao : ctzxc
ynipao --> elrzwh : sojqg
elrzwh --> qpsduv : nfzoecu
jdebem --> pykqdf : juni
pykqdf --> fjxneq : ecksq
fjxneq --> qdemgx : laxxo
qdemgx --> qpsduv : blwpikz
qpsduv --> ssmdtx : pqela
state ssmdtx {
bnpknb --> xjfgkh : upuay
xjfgkh --> tjlivb : xrkrx
tjlivb --> kcqrbc : shebu
kcqrbc --> [*] : oyjco
}
@enduml