@startuml
hide empty description
state tlgnvy
state enhizn <<choice>>
tlgnvy --> enhizn : cyfvh
enhizn --> cafckp : buxa
cafckp --> fjylni : prqvm
fjylni --> xogfon : lzfdo
xogfon --> ymqspb : hchtb
ymqspb --> qvculc : jqugffw
enhizn --> jkqlhu : tlmu
jkqlhu --> oanyxm : gugya
oanyxm --> oquzep : wlttl
oquzep --> awmwji : jmrnt
awmwji --> qvculc : efsbkhp
state rxxmwx <<choice>>
qvculc --> rxxmwx : yttyq
rxxmwx --> eupubm : yuxl
eupubm --> jpjeiy : hcxac
jpjeiy --> qkmfqd : pehqk
qkmfqd --> lreuxm : zlqcr
lreuxm --> yfjndx : ixnylej
rxxmwx --> ivfudz : purs
ivfudz --> czkdlf : akfnh
czkdlf --> yfjndx : ntrhrcz
yfjndx --> slemlc : lynyt
slemlc --> jrrjyn : pxpng
jrrjyn --> oclefg : dgrmv
state myvlla <<choice>>
oclefg --> myvlla : jhyfj
myvlla --> eaauuv : ikne
eaauuv --> pwyfdy : ityho
pwyfdy --> mgqszh : gmoxv
mgqszh --> byeuhx : ssfarhe
myvlla --> fbjkvh : tweo
fbjkvh --> zzevqt : zsjdc
zzevqt --> byeuhx : hlfdtfz
byeuhx --> zjjolc : sbktm
zjjolc --> uvxsbg : oewmd
state uvxsbg {
[*] --> rilcto : rwden
rilcto --> lsbtds : tienr
lsbtds --> rnqotq : qqsbv
rnqotq --> bvnlkt : mbwwe
bvnlkt --> [*] : jysva
}
uvxsbg --> kfhffu : ptqrx
kfhffu --> pmxeog : tsvcm
pmxeog --> elnzpu : rqjyt
elnzpu --> [*] : apsle
@enduml