@startuml
hide empty description
state wmyohn
state imocup <<choice>>
wmyohn --> imocup : lksuq
imocup --> vduork : wwxz
vduork --> serxor : pntsx
serxor --> xlyury : dtzop
xlyury --> ykaeto : rhjhmmc
imocup --> qefyzy : mbmv
qefyzy --> iwanjm : vokpu
iwanjm --> ykaeto : urnxxgy
imocup --> mgaahe : mxeh
mgaahe --> xoqoeh : xzpis
xoqoeh --> djpkkh : giiyy
djpkkh --> ykaeto : wqabpbe
state rqlnwg <<choice>>
ykaeto --> rqlnwg : wrzmo
rqlnwg --> kuwriy : hufv
kuwriy --> jcdcrc : rqghm
jcdcrc --> htvpoe : clhig
htvpoe --> yisetg : atdqaqy
rqlnwg --> ztewvz : hjpw
ztewvz --> whsxrw : zeanj
whsxrw --> aiwwls : xsydr
aiwwls --> yisetg : iuyqcxu
rqlnwg --> yrnfzg : glnm
yrnfzg --> nnfyju : crmju
nnfyju --> jqlmbw : tcucm
jqlmbw --> yisetg : obptrjk
yisetg --> lhihja : jxcfp
lhihja --> gzgrpn : jagoa
gzgrpn --> nonwfw : clrbr
nonwfw --> gaylda : ohctm
gaylda --> ibprcs : kturk
ibprcs --> pywdus : hocgs
pywdus --> ihyxwg : zdpyd
ihyxwg --> [*] : yahjk
@enduml