@startuml
hide empty description
state ekcoub
[*] --> ekcoub : mjisg
ekcoub --> dlezee : qqdez
dlezee --> bifdpv : wmayt
bifdpv --> uygssr : melhn
uygssr --> lpdlld : iqgda
lpdlld --> ilcskc : ejtdn
ilcskc --> vgobyk : kftpo
state vgobyk {
[*] --> ixdtlz : navzi
ixdtlz --> xkqtor : lnmle
xkqtor --> ebzchw : qagvd
}
vgobyk --> mczszf : hkzga
state yvheln <<fork>>
mczszf --> yvheln : kdkyd
state jitcwb <<join>>
yvheln --> ccwmzb : wkqb
ccwmzb --> iharjs : zhvdk
iharjs --> ahaxht : mwhcj
ahaxht --> jitcwb : gwnzzty
yvheln --> tqeeop : zvab
tqeeop --> hhddai : lplix
hhddai --> ndgguu : lhjby
ndgguu --> jitcwb : afgzxwb
jitcwb --> xdxzml : oswiu
state xdxzml {
fenxmx --> vonzoz : jnxfn
vonzoz --> wfhfff : ghtgk
wfhfff --> tymfjc : yeisa
}
state cnpotd <<choice>>
xdxzml --> cnpotd : dfyry
cnpotd --> rzaukv : qdsr
rzaukv --> wtfgph : oojic
wtfgph --> zhamfo : gclpw
zhamfo --> aqgxmc : smfpvei
cnpotd --> bkbscv : vorr
bkbscv --> bngbzs : xyyax
bngbzs --> hmxhfb : bgsni
hmxhfb --> aqgxmc : ihgmjpr
cnpotd --> cidhof : ypml
cidhof --> xioywx : udvel
xioywx --> xculcp : mkqjm
xculcp --> aqgxmc : gymsaxu
aqgxmc --> kuarij : jkdta
state ayxret <<choice>>
kuarij --> ayxret : hhhyh
ayxret --> oirede : vruc
oirede --> ginfph : cfomk
ginfph --> piodir : nfacjpv
ayxret --> gilrmq : idpz
gilrmq --> sxbpjj : htnwo
sxbpjj --> piodir : wwufdhv
piodir --> ytfddp : ezfju
ytfddp --> ryhvur : ivxqx
ryhvur --> [*] : worww
@enduml