@startuml
hide empty description
state yypqmt
yypqmt --> vgajld : tezgl
vgajld --> lyxzfy : vscuu
lyxzfy --> sbrosx : hpabb
sbrosx --> mehieb : louvd
mehieb --> bunggj : gdkqt
bunggj --> airmsf : dwnob
state jyohpb <<choice>>
airmsf --> jyohpb : epoeg
jyohpb --> sxnhze : olsv
sxnhze --> exsxdt : yhrmi
exsxdt --> ulbzyn : dwvip
ulbzyn --> fnnrjo : cgyvr
fnnrjo --> yqseps : ydwwgwg
jyohpb --> hpyvtu : wdrs
hpyvtu --> rerhkh : mtwcj
rerhkh --> yqseps : wcuvzus
jyohpb --> uvcuhm : lfae
uvcuhm --> wlirot : vbrqm
wlirot --> pecgaz : ruydm
pecgaz --> yqseps : xqwzcoy
yqseps --> zgvmix : mathq
zgvmix --> shsgel : sutzp
shsgel --> hnqugx : lgsfp
hnqugx --> qxzbgd : tevkt
qxzbgd --> [*] : sjjrn
@enduml