@startuml
state yzqqkf
yzqqkf --> idpybe : bejpj
idpybe --> sjgatn : wbtnv
state pagrob <<fork>>
sjgatn --> pagrob : wdrkh
state ibbvii <<join>>
pagrob --> wgffiz : arma
wgffiz --> pyckof : iodlh
pyckof --> vewyhk : pdoex
vewyhk --> ibbvii : mvoqhmf
pagrob --> ylhjoa : bykw
ylhjoa --> crdiyi : tkwpp
crdiyi --> jnkimc : duzlj
jnkimc --> ibbvii : uyefwgm
pagrob --> pnrbut : nlfg
pnrbut --> seflhm : bweyt
seflhm --> eftneq : udkyo
eftneq --> ibbvii : fkmimnn
ibbvii --> iktuwv : ularu
iktuwv --> ilsrzv : jqoab
state qpwzzt <<choice>>
ilsrzv --> qpwzzt : hrtdk
qpwzzt --> zafiaj : aivl
zafiaj --> tbckdz : loapf
tbckdz --> csifcq : kebfo
csifcq --> yjlmka : sapcghf
qpwzzt --> ywtdtu : szpg
ywtdtu --> cldptn : ezack
cldptn --> yjlmka : wbcjkhh
yjlmka --> karxfx : pclev
@enduml