@startuml
hide empty description
state pbzulj
pbzulj --> xqjriq : nzjxh
state fjptjw <<fork>>
xqjriq --> fjptjw : admre
state jjxhzv <<join>>
fjptjw --> dlppxh : hswn
dlppxh --> hjavui : dvgsn
hjavui --> kfnzgb : gvpdw
kfnzgb --> jjxhzv : ckahmjl
fjptjw --> tambbj : dbcd
tambbj --> mvqjbb : cycpo
mvqjbb --> szndoz : wmgzv
szndoz --> jjxhzv : awwibyk
fjptjw --> ojrngi : dqcr
ojrngi --> ijcxdi : bvtxg
ijcxdi --> clootj : xurfr
clootj --> jjxhzv : imaihsr
state saqhqd <<fork>>
jjxhzv --> saqhqd : tuxou
state glmlmf <<join>>
saqhqd --> izpuxu : ihja
izpuxu --> zyfmhi : kprzb
zyfmhi --> glmlmf : cprgdoy
saqhqd --> ncaqha : sxpo
ncaqha --> skwrqe : wnxue
skwrqe --> bytode : ocain
bytode --> glmlmf : zvgbyva
saqhqd --> adbztc : tvai
adbztc --> qquiqy : yjsuo
qquiqy --> glmlmf : pdqedcd
glmlmf --> gphuue : ewovo
gphuue --> upcinf : nfnna
upcinf --> vrajxm : tdkvl
vrajxm --> ujqsxt : pqvkf
state ujqsxt {
gflkpp --> ublgwq : golne
ublgwq --> kvtmrt : kipnd
kvtmrt --> niflrm : kdpec
}
state wdopuc <<fork>>
ujqsxt --> wdopuc : hapem
state aebalk <<join>>
wdopuc --> amilik : hlvi
amilik --> gfjyfp : twxcs
gfjyfp --> aebalk : urnaivn
wdopuc --> sloqai : soek
sloqai --> ztputx : hpjwm
ztputx --> hoshmk : snwdx
hoshmk --> nbmaie : qvbnd
nbmaie --> aebalk : xeddqfe
aebalk --> zechlb : crwtk
zechlb --> qjmvdd : nzsyv
qjmvdd --> zwxixu : hqrka
@enduml