@startuml
state agowjh
agowjh --> kqcdks : czjqd
state oachin <<fork>>
kqcdks --> oachin : okquf
state zpkgsd <<join>>
oachin --> azsrmv : wank
azsrmv --> ynzwol : hbpny
ynzwol --> wbleny : oslwo
wbleny --> ynpvyk : gncdd
ynpvyk --> zpkgsd : xaqxlll
oachin --> rsllmv : vvnj
rsllmv --> ehurgu : fdaov
ehurgu --> zpkgsd : iwftuld
zpkgsd --> lxvyvc : sukdv
lxvyvc --> otmtkp : wvjls
otmtkp --> xdbdmt : plbxh
xdbdmt --> zsooov : jfyos
zsooov --> qfjose : jrpky
qfjose --> ocipyr : duimi
ocipyr --> ijohwk : qwzea
state ijohwk {
reatvv --> edlvcz : bigpg
edlvcz --> [*] : tjiix
}
ijohwk --> [*] : aprxl
@enduml