@startuml
hide empty description
state ttuxto
[*] --> ttuxto : enszu
ttuxto --> fwjmgn : kmjso
fwjmgn --> lgukze : nwoji
lgukze --> ckyrws : anykw
ckyrws --> xrzdhh : qsjwr
state xrzdhh {
ditxad --> gwoqds : ydrlv
gwoqds --> afzvnj : mgmul
afzvnj --> iiwknw : bysyk
}
state camxbd <<fork>>
xrzdhh --> camxbd : cdjap
state xukvxi <<join>>
camxbd --> rqjeur : rzwk
rqjeur --> yetqbs : oxuyq
yetqbs --> xwmquy : ibyoz
xwmquy --> xukvxi : kebrxuc
camxbd --> zkzqqi : gkge
zkzqqi --> sgzhzg : ppixd
sgzhzg --> xukvxi : pgtcgvj
camxbd --> nclunj : lptt
nclunj --> hajjah : gjhdv
hajjah --> bitusx : funqu
bitusx --> xukvxi : jqrtigh
state dijhpg <<fork>>
xukvxi --> dijhpg : syzjc
state rgwwre <<join>>
dijhpg --> dmdyix : vyar
dmdyix --> tmwdel : vyvxw
tmwdel --> niljup : bxljg
niljup --> rgwwre : glfyggy
dijhpg --> pwcnpx : izym
pwcnpx --> ehiodb : qxhjm
ehiodb --> rgwwre : hwdsypy
state vbnoss <<fork>>
rgwwre --> vbnoss : mffdc
state tdgukt <<join>>
vbnoss --> kqbkhi : vamo
kqbkhi --> urqizl : rrppg
urqizl --> tdgukt : nzjqpma
vbnoss --> bsomls : uhhh
bsomls --> klddmf : mxojz
klddmf --> vlfric : uapri
vlfric --> tdgukt : oxztytd
tdgukt --> xeicbt : tyrnr
state xeicbt {
glcqpe --> urgkhc : rgqul
urgkhc --> pbbqip : hvucf
pbbqip --> gerzra : niqje
}
xeicbt --> kmlpms : dqwma
kmlpms --> [*] : qoxga
@enduml