@startuml
state vbkvfx
vbkvfx --> jsijor : huieb
state jsijor {
zlwawm --> csatua : zchzs
csatua --> vdekqs : sqfnd
vdekqs --> [*] : iguuj
}
jsijor --> gylddy : dmrty
gylddy --> fajuku : jyjjk
state druwnf <<fork>>
fajuku --> druwnf : qfplv
state raxqkg <<join>>
druwnf --> memcyg : cyai
memcyg --> dyjjbn : cqick
dyjjbn --> pfdttb : nygjr
pfdttb --> raxqkg : amfzmdj
druwnf --> ohvjfx : bvmx
ohvjfx --> cpysjq : jkpbi
cpysjq --> ecnbts : wvspk
ecnbts --> raxqkg : fhifqdz
druwnf --> axfojg : jolp
axfojg --> ugsifv : snzqc
ugsifv --> xkiocx : gcjwi
xkiocx --> raxqkg : nlffwaw
raxqkg --> epzami : soybr
@enduml