@startuml
state qpdotg
[*] --> qpdotg : dhout
qpdotg --> jrpttq : kkydm
jrpttq --> xmtspb : wzxvc
state rljlta <<choice>>
xmtspb --> rljlta : yfgsc
rljlta --> zqmszb : wlgt
zqmszb --> hdlbce : dmtli
hdlbce --> pwfmch : dokzbap
rljlta --> clrvhu : eeli
clrvhu --> wrqlck : tvskb
wrqlck --> brodly : xozjb
brodly --> agtjzh : efmil
agtjzh --> pwfmch : iwmjkmj
pwfmch --> rhwdfg : ashpv
rhwdfg --> zmlrgq : vzuiv
state huoxeu <<fork>>
zmlrgq --> huoxeu : fycjq
state xdizsy <<join>>
huoxeu --> czeuoj : aooc
czeuoj --> iuetjq : ehjul
iuetjq --> tnkoqk : qavfl
tnkoqk --> xdizsy : lmzmbck
huoxeu --> lxamic : ogxj
lxamic --> obwmrs : krynw
obwmrs --> lxkfoh : gbvcc
lxkfoh --> byikvk : pgrsl
byikvk --> xdizsy : dorlotw
xdizsy --> [*] : nkuoa
@enduml