@startuml
hide empty description
state zxdvlp
zxdvlp --> gxowba : fylhz
gxowba --> wsdohv : dmcex
wsdohv --> kszijc : fojnf
state kszijc {
kdzlud --> vfkeor : aaene
vfkeor --> uoaywy : slfoo
uoaywy --> [*] : sgwku
}
kszijc --> bjxexh : wvtbd
bjxexh --> nyeofj : oivrf
nyeofj --> xyzkzn : buvns
xyzkzn --> vlpjoa : jjjck
state stmmfx <<choice>>
vlpjoa --> stmmfx : tzjkh
stmmfx --> hakmsh : xyvv
hakmsh --> zdjmox : pfyvo
zdjmox --> emnrzc : awpgc
emnrzc --> sblajr : rwwgeej
stmmfx --> lwvwul : oxqd
lwvwul --> artvcf : emone
artvcf --> sblajr : bjpddvk
stmmfx --> ggidjh : rqxx
ggidjh --> hvlywk : otkgf
hvlywk --> sblajr : urraqhu
sblajr --> gmdwqf : nbjyg
gmdwqf --> ptvmew : lbmsm
ptvmew --> ylypzp : hjscs
state isnqgm <<fork>>
ylypzp --> isnqgm : jcpvq
state wvmocl <<join>>
isnqgm --> wbtlob : bxyb
wbtlob --> yjitjn : vkenv
yjitjn --> eysdly : jeuud
eysdly --> wvmocl : pivzoit
isnqgm --> vqyewd : fxql
vqyewd --> wqdssv : cdxnf
wqdssv --> dvwkah : anowu
dvwkah --> mhybcy : mcfym
mhybcy --> wvmocl : cgxfsdb
wvmocl --> ywdvip : awyae
state ewiisf <<fork>>
ywdvip --> ewiisf : zebbx
state plcand <<join>>
ewiisf --> bbjgot : rxup
bbjgot --> ccrxzg : mwssl
ccrxzg --> tydgti : cqusi
tydgti --> rwokag : wjmgt
rwokag --> plcand : prhcwje
ewiisf --> jhnfcg : wpbl
jhnfcg --> mzxpti : psidn
mzxpti --> tkbcxg : isdbk
tkbcxg --> oscnlo : kwmpa
oscnlo --> plcand : dexqxyw
state ajzcep <<choice>>
plcand --> ajzcep : nialr
ajzcep --> otfnpg : odcv
otfnpg --> iooizz : vliit
iooizz --> sxxhgr : vhzwr
sxxhgr --> ratqtl : dtpor
ratqtl --> sjnilm : onrodou
ajzcep --> tpwnpx : tmni
tpwnpx --> tordhb : ukyup
tordhb --> xhogrg : cqdig
xhogrg --> nmdjux : lwvrn
nmdjux --> sjnilm : sqlqpqm
sjnilm --> [*] : ggisn
@enduml