@startuml
state bdcafo
[*] --> bdcafo : oqkxx
bdcafo --> joybql : anphe
joybql --> natmji : ectqh
natmji --> bepaim : geida
bepaim --> dwfnix : gbhio
state dwfnix {
zpwupm --> vzkdxl : qnqgd
vzkdxl --> epozrt : isycg
epozrt --> [*] : cmhkv
}
state gtgsfe <<choice>>
dwfnix --> gtgsfe : hmglk
gtgsfe --> yjopnk : txii
yjopnk --> dfdmee : rifdy
dfdmee --> hcgobx : wbwov
hcgobx --> ntvpzq : ehkrvws
gtgsfe --> zmppfk : mfjp
zmppfk --> muzuco : umnal
muzuco --> dovces : fvkto
dovces --> ntvpzq : gdxterv
gtgsfe --> wwzgit : xjxw
wwzgit --> uribyt : npeha
uribyt --> ntvpzq : pbixwed
ntvpzq --> wijdri : rodfo
wijdri --> ujuovd : vqikh
ujuovd --> qrugvg : dweac
qrugvg --> [*] : wgunp
@enduml