@startuml
state yquoub
yquoub --> yzrqik : qbket
yzrqik --> ccgahq : zpwps
ccgahq --> kraoco : dwxkx
kraoco --> oazwfs : decmg
oazwfs --> haprwj : tedvz
haprwj --> oqevgk : emfri
state alkqnh <<fork>>
oqevgk --> alkqnh : ifdss
state higezr <<join>>
alkqnh --> gbxywv : tueg
gbxywv --> xmvotq : hwvny
xmvotq --> higezr : tefbvsj
alkqnh --> ghxefa : vdqn
ghxefa --> afzrcl : wekmu
afzrcl --> gjvlzz : anvih
gjvlzz --> wkbqgw : bexje
wkbqgw --> higezr : lkrigwn
alkqnh --> fyrhoz : isxy
fyrhoz --> obtsaa : qlzqd
obtsaa --> zjibpq : kigha
zjibpq --> higezr : crrhmyh
higezr --> picywf : hujqv
picywf --> dvatgv : txsdd
dvatgv --> [*] : nitwe
@enduml