@startuml
state ubelpy
[*] --> ubelpy : rtuwm
ubelpy --> qrglcz : imxzw
qrglcz --> vittop : llcch
state ffavqq <<choice>>
vittop --> ffavqq : ghugp
ffavqq --> gdjycq : qcyr
gdjycq --> bozrbp : heprs
bozrbp --> wzlwyk : flsvgyv
ffavqq --> kbrthr : gcob
kbrthr --> knnguu : oyaqz
knnguu --> wfxdzf : fctgd
wfxdzf --> oljslq : ymwff
oljslq --> wzlwyk : qjqjajk
ffavqq --> alotui : akps
alotui --> wfvtmn : mxbtm
wfvtmn --> sthetd : qzcqk
sthetd --> wzlwyk : jgootjf
wzlwyk --> femqqb : fvxcs
state zqiesv <<fork>>
femqqb --> zqiesv : skdap
state zwavlw <<join>>
zqiesv --> pjdxrn : crzz
pjdxrn --> zipduz : yixdk
zipduz --> xsrwwe : ylfpq
xsrwwe --> hjiode : jjmym
hjiode --> zwavlw : dvnmter
zqiesv --> adsgze : bgap
adsgze --> kyxhnx : pcpus
kyxhnx --> zwavlw : itseily
zwavlw --> mhmmlb : vgopl
@enduml