@startuml
hide empty description
state xbktpv
xbktpv --> nfwrel : kldav
state ihsodt <<choice>>
nfwrel --> ihsodt : cnpqg
ihsodt --> kzzuec : wtvg
kzzuec --> toqqvw : osxnw
toqqvw --> hvonma : irfjy
hvonma --> ioemss : onpoo
ioemss --> wxrnvl : pogefyz
ihsodt --> wuhecu : dvof
wuhecu --> pcixkn : wkdem
pcixkn --> quqxoh : xafeq
quqxoh --> apsyan : fjoyt
apsyan --> wxrnvl : rjuvfea
ihsodt --> kbtpwl : ntsq
kbtpwl --> cqsswz : jshyy
cqsswz --> hqnsww : vykxq
hqnsww --> wxrnvl : tezubcf
wxrnvl --> wyakly : dwruq
state wyakly {
ulwryt --> pozjel : hlnda
}
state hpfjwg <<fork>>
wyakly --> hpfjwg : uvdpy
state kfbilm <<join>>
hpfjwg --> bokhkc : eoda
bokhkc --> pgeobi : uikyx
pgeobi --> kfbilm : fkyxggl
hpfjwg --> cmfdqs : gggq
cmfdqs --> kyhxdn : lcypd
kyhxdn --> kfbilm : nqikhif
hpfjwg --> ndprwz : bvkn
ndprwz --> jeloej : tcnxv
jeloej --> vccsmp : hbtcg
vccsmp --> ciztom : fftfw
ciztom --> kfbilm : mmafiqq
kfbilm --> wvfnra : rxbay
wvfnra --> nncrlb : aqtub
nncrlb --> lgycrh : locbn
lgycrh --> gahjea : ikcqr
gahjea --> ipkxmw : dgqns
state ncxdtq <<fork>>
ipkxmw --> ncxdtq : shahv
state sepeuu <<join>>
ncxdtq --> qonikb : tnal
qonikb --> aonzna : hvpqf
aonzna --> rdmfpu : saxvf
rdmfpu --> xcrnuu : pcowf
xcrnuu --> sepeuu : jhmyunw
ncxdtq --> ccspfx : yztb
ccspfx --> erincu : wokug
erincu --> fufqqj : vlrjx
fufqqj --> sepeuu : slklgru
ncxdtq --> mtpuvu : qghs
mtpuvu --> tuzjou : hbcsr
tuzjou --> sepeuu : hlsppzi
sepeuu --> bqeegj : zqhdg
bqeegj --> cwdrgn : riqkw
cwdrgn --> ayyxoy : ztrgj
state ayyxoy {
[*] --> wxevpk : eswws
wxevpk --> xabahc : jeqcz
xabahc --> bwvwon : gynzb
}
ayyxoy --> [*] : erzeq
@enduml