@startuml
hide empty description
state uvbnvn
[*] --> uvbnvn : cziza
uvbnvn --> apqhel : rnhab
apqhel --> jayltm : agogd
jayltm --> mfvhgt : xscic
mfvhgt --> zomqhe : dcwgw
state gsbdhu <<fork>>
zomqhe --> gsbdhu : bxxfc
state ptlkso <<join>>
gsbdhu --> vedsgi : duks
vedsgi --> lptafz : gpxkw
lptafz --> lpqyqe : kjxpi
lpqyqe --> ptlkso : uqmluqw
gsbdhu --> qboqki : lsgo
qboqki --> imdihi : zlbjm
imdihi --> dyzeee : qtoum
dyzeee --> ptlkso : omxufqp
gsbdhu --> bbahmd : vaqw
bbahmd --> busjeb : pxmvl
busjeb --> txjema : ygeja
txjema --> sbubsp : zwurk
sbubsp --> ptlkso : gxjoqnl
ptlkso --> ufardv : zvruh
ufardv --> jheukh : lpcdg
jheukh --> liaqqo : mmpwr
liaqqo --> tfejad : nwzgr
tfejad --> mvjytr : mizim
mvjytr --> oszmbo : qalay
@enduml