@startuml
hide empty description
state pnuulk
pnuulk --> ysxfeq : xbipq
ysxfeq --> gnyucz : yrnha
state gnyucz {
oobihq --> uheyna : kjkfv
uheyna --> smfbib : uarij
smfbib --> ojcmoy : nrzgc
}
gnyucz --> fwykbf : fkbnd
fwykbf --> dauwee : mkmyb
dauwee --> zomtfq : xgrhs
zomtfq --> xnlsjh : urlqc
xnlsjh --> gdpwny : qcnpx
gdpwny --> heeqqx : uoxkh
heeqqx --> zcoppu : idjtb
zcoppu --> hnzplw : pxwyv
hnzplw --> abjqcv : itgrq
abjqcv --> nljswl : enpdb
nljswl --> bkqiad : zclik
state fmkyxc <<choice>>
bkqiad --> fmkyxc : iecqs
fmkyxc --> vpvhqu : isil
vpvhqu --> pyrtpy : lcnmx
pyrtpy --> zsxcid : awjbq
zsxcid --> phrnly : ozvosxq
fmkyxc --> jwtkyn : acra
jwtkyn --> pjzhhz : qfciw
pjzhhz --> phrnly : tuqxepf
phrnly --> mzqfub : bkvqy
mzqfub --> sqnqby : nfive
@enduml