@startuml
hide empty description
state gjynyz
[*] --> gjynyz : pjfct
gjynyz --> sqtugb : gfcnt
sqtugb --> apinlx : ksxnw
apinlx --> acttui : uhnnx
acttui --> oouiqy : hgsxt
oouiqy --> gaygzr : lgbfb
gaygzr --> hqmsmk : jvvmj
hqmsmk --> xrsmai : zjujf
xrsmai --> gfikjw : iheze
gfikjw --> wraoee : yrecz
state apxlcb <<choice>>
wraoee --> apxlcb : kjznu
apxlcb --> dnoiaa : uohb
dnoiaa --> arlqmo : lvpuh
arlqmo --> xwatjr : nrepa
xwatjr --> cvygyc : nnkeczc
apxlcb --> tcqsji : sack
tcqsji --> vcpbkt : dwzwn
vcpbkt --> zzkopp : esbtn
zzkopp --> cvygyc : onfdmgg
apxlcb --> lzkmsw : ichu
lzkmsw --> gnoxir : ixoiy
gnoxir --> tbqvai : axrft
tbqvai --> nizytw : uozys
nizytw --> cvygyc : vrwsilf
cvygyc --> pockpm : cgkrb
pockpm --> [*] : tuaan
@enduml