@startuml
hide empty description
state vqtyou
vqtyou --> klphtq : vqfjl
state fnasmc <<fork>>
klphtq --> fnasmc : raurl
state aojfan <<join>>
fnasmc --> hsoozf : qund
hsoozf --> cqyiav : pdkdg
cqyiav --> dpjvot : haqbs
dpjvot --> aojfan : ygqrtyp
fnasmc --> xhwtxc : eraz
xhwtxc --> gwyamx : jqazf
gwyamx --> zqukgc : biddn
zqukgc --> aojfan : kmwmygk
fnasmc --> ugqjdx : tvxy
ugqjdx --> fmwrqd : bowhg
fmwrqd --> aojfan : ypvxovg
aojfan --> ajvrgf : dpgbm
ajvrgf --> cgkjns : rrldm
cgkjns --> raybya : djbsz
raybya --> ibiqjq : osqff
ibiqjq --> peurqm : nplhi
peurqm --> fhdvqc : qyitf
fhdvqc --> txlamo : imlgj
txlamo --> [*] : wnpml
@enduml