@startuml
state ukfdro
ukfdro --> rvjgvq : cbwrm
rvjgvq --> ebyyyl : trrjz
ebyyyl --> edesmi : tnraf
state edesmi {
lselhh --> ergxck : cueuz
ergxck --> pckquk : bxlwl
pckquk --> bfhmdg : gzjyr
}
state pdvyvq <<fork>>
edesmi --> pdvyvq : wuiei
state nqihqm <<join>>
pdvyvq --> aglkar : rqjs
aglkar --> umsucp : qedbt
umsucp --> fnmoks : efcyk
fnmoks --> nqihqm : tdtnuaz
pdvyvq --> efbkyr : jbku
efbkyr --> puzmvf : mvdog
puzmvf --> nbgqmf : kdlpa
nbgqmf --> dauhfh : qliba
dauhfh --> nqihqm : npxnxpa
pdvyvq --> zjdmme : glyl
zjdmme --> rvzaqn : qqcgp
rvzaqn --> jhqsof : llbmy
jhqsof --> nqihqm : xtbcygd
state tfaokb <<fork>>
nqihqm --> tfaokb : mygla
state aktvfd <<join>>
tfaokb --> mlejcg : uryb
mlejcg --> xefrli : yehig
xefrli --> phtolw : fopvr
phtolw --> aktvfd : octdvbo
tfaokb --> uztqok : oqrf
uztqok --> xbluho : krwzr
xbluho --> mpodzt : eadsp
mpodzt --> aktvfd : skvjjke
aktvfd --> skjfyw : wklnf
skjfyw --> fkxafi : yjcpi
fkxafi --> xklgqs : abzek
@enduml