@startuml
state dwxiiq
state grqaox <<fork>>
dwxiiq --> grqaox : jkkbt
state sotpvh <<join>>
grqaox --> saboxm : heyr
saboxm --> aicdxa : fvjpy
aicdxa --> sotpvh : ygeglpm
grqaox --> dzgsjs : bzgd
dzgsjs --> ndmfgm : shobo
ndmfgm --> zporhy : iaodw
zporhy --> aoypau : aqgfr
aoypau --> sotpvh : frdjdgp
grqaox --> ehlrdk : fhyw
ehlrdk --> oyefex : odvmo
oyefex --> ojiosp : pewsq
ojiosp --> btwmcq : caecq
btwmcq --> sotpvh : ozaiksz
sotpvh --> oiiokm : ndlfb
oiiokm --> jpgjnj : dmppg
jpgjnj --> diusry : jexmx
diusry --> nbvziw : pobmn
state mpvbem <<fork>>
nbvziw --> mpvbem : mmqts
state mhebwd <<join>>
mpvbem --> igytnh : jctf
igytnh --> aexiba : wksxm
aexiba --> ucyslm : fxkvt
ucyslm --> giwbpo : brplq
giwbpo --> mhebwd : geifqrl
mpvbem --> gmoqsw : xwkf
gmoqsw --> kjeprd : usntr
kjeprd --> rucgjm : ldqzj
rucgjm --> podmkg : ykayc
podmkg --> mhebwd : camqmbg
mhebwd --> qxwiky : asopw
state qxwiky {
xordjo --> uwsjir : vzynz
}
qxwiky --> cidnpy : zdeou
cidnpy --> ijbomg : jiccp
state wjpkne <<fork>>
ijbomg --> wjpkne : yhuip
state bwdkqo <<join>>
wjpkne --> eqjhmt : ykxr
eqjhmt --> zwoofg : mvqsh
zwoofg --> bwdkqo : yhvmmhz
wjpkne --> rlcdus : ivmi
rlcdus --> jourff : zvvlr
jourff --> wkbzgc : vtsti
wkbzgc --> bwdkqo : rjlmjwu
bwdkqo --> wpecip : ostlj
state cpxmts <<fork>>
wpecip --> cpxmts : ulikq
state jfaxtq <<join>>
cpxmts --> ymadug : xaud
ymadug --> dfpfct : phups
dfpfct --> jfaxtq : bjwrkhm
cpxmts --> myloux : qkav
myloux --> rzcjvw : shwcf
rzcjvw --> vvjfuq : doqrv
vvjfuq --> ewdcgq : oldll
ewdcgq --> jfaxtq : jijoykw
jfaxtq --> eorfvy : tmtje
@enduml