@startuml
hide empty description
state ploiug
[*] --> ploiug : pqyvo
ploiug --> pgsviv : opoqt
state pgsviv {
[*] --> pyjjrr : rwmqc
pyjjrr --> nzusxj : oovxg
nzusxj --> vnestn : madsi
}
state cmrzbb <<fork>>
pgsviv --> cmrzbb : uiqna
state glhyxl <<join>>
cmrzbb --> frbxcv : ycil
frbxcv --> vniwqo : qhwte
vniwqo --> pxwjlc : zcdub
pxwjlc --> elmlzy : ekxbx
elmlzy --> glhyxl : cfihvzb
cmrzbb --> qeisbc : sqvk
qeisbc --> gykxti : gpivj
gykxti --> glhyxl : nuffljp
glhyxl --> nksqrf : ddwsm
nksqrf --> krfhuq : rktqa
krfhuq --> [*] : omezs
@enduml