@startuml
hide empty description
state ffavnv
ffavnv --> zegwpn : wbdtq
zegwpn --> kxbaea : hwjrr
kxbaea --> edzapx : sbhsv
edzapx --> bffgff : zdipn
state bosjxh <<fork>>
bffgff --> bosjxh : ayjkn
state efqlxv <<join>>
bosjxh --> zjpmux : dzqg
zjpmux --> kaxfii : wvehu
kaxfii --> efqlxv : rsefkfc
bosjxh --> gzxiit : gmew
gzxiit --> gebfcf : caoot
gebfcf --> ejmyhv : yemew
ejmyhv --> vuobbm : uapyt
vuobbm --> efqlxv : wljjije
bosjxh --> kgtxyc : slpn
kgtxyc --> qwxykq : ysekp
qwxykq --> efqlxv : rvglckk
efqlxv --> ibwlhw : qrrez
ibwlhw --> lerxaj : cyxxa
lerxaj --> omgjws : abyqp
omgjws --> yraubx : gbihj
yraubx --> xfjauy : wvapb
xfjauy --> jeltkm : svypo
jeltkm --> mybyfi : uwkjg
mybyfi --> uutgwd : ctwig
@enduml