@startuml
hide empty description
state dwfpqm
dwfpqm --> lhlzqi : qhadm
lhlzqi --> jjjpoq : bbama
jjjpoq --> bxluem : lqgkn
state ewtpgh <<choice>>
bxluem --> ewtpgh : sdqsg
ewtpgh --> ccfpfp : joyn
ccfpfp --> cknlab : tniyc
cknlab --> gmzrxy : zcxkr
gmzrxy --> vhbsza : fzscbjm
ewtpgh --> cqhztn : wjhp
cqhztn --> qfuzle : wemsz
qfuzle --> ahjufw : ezzcq
ahjufw --> rktlks : hpumg
rktlks --> vhbsza : xllromi
vhbsza --> lullrx : ikrzc
state lullrx {
[*] --> nuofid : krace
nuofid --> hmgxid : gdjmi
hmgxid --> vsgyje : wdeub
vsgyje --> gegdcw : cjtea
}
state ilzviu <<fork>>
lullrx --> ilzviu : valja
state tmwlij <<join>>
ilzviu --> qpqudr : size
qpqudr --> kqxhsk : nwmud
kqxhsk --> tmwlij : vbkaqmb
ilzviu --> wkwcdx : xgip
wkwcdx --> kofdcq : ghxdv
kofdcq --> ocnupv : mrvkh
ocnupv --> tmwlij : derqpeg
ilzviu --> mwerqk : fttu
mwerqk --> bqmijp : ctoao
bqmijp --> dylgfv : kuwyb
dylgfv --> danfca : gqrgs
danfca --> tmwlij : xjupnrw
tmwlij --> [*] : orglz
@enduml