@startuml
state xyvmms
[*] --> xyvmms : rodpo
xyvmms --> ilebgp : iutmm
state jgxioc <<fork>>
ilebgp --> jgxioc : dhosy
state oazdsf <<join>>
jgxioc --> nashzg : vfdo
nashzg --> uljcuk : vvbyy
uljcuk --> oazdsf : lvgjrio
jgxioc --> kfoxpo : mlga
kfoxpo --> rwjmpk : yfqcm
rwjmpk --> czolap : lhhhg
czolap --> ymsmpx : csrlo
ymsmpx --> oazdsf : abjzwsl
jgxioc --> jizgoi : yywr
jizgoi --> hslado : gdcva
hslado --> fsfxqr : odbeq
fsfxqr --> zjiziu : wgchl
zjiziu --> oazdsf : gjocicc
oazdsf --> uhxrtn : lpxhg
uhxrtn --> glanpg : uyybe
glanpg --> etdjly : npext
etdjly --> mghgtq : tvtwl
state dotedq <<fork>>
mghgtq --> dotedq : wcrvl
state jwyotj <<join>>
dotedq --> qrmoel : btsq
qrmoel --> vgspyf : tklxe
vgspyf --> jwyotj : gxqoaek
dotedq --> hxmquo : xbok
hxmquo --> mxgbyt : fktdy
mxgbyt --> gdloxe : bxgty
gdloxe --> kqvjch : iuihg
kqvjch --> jwyotj : qlvyxwu
jwyotj --> kiuodn : aqgjd
state kiuodn {
qeebmk --> xqfvpm : yikax
xqfvpm --> [*] : bztyu
}
state nqpqde <<fork>>
kiuodn --> nqpqde : mbwmb
state mchdqk <<join>>
nqpqde --> hvhoad : qceg
hvhoad --> pnqbbr : blwrp
pnqbbr --> fjwovk : uzeqk
fjwovk --> jmcfbv : vgflx
jmcfbv --> mchdqk : sgbllon
nqpqde --> gycife : azcq
gycife --> pymspf : ncnch
pymspf --> mchdqk : rhazkkv
mchdqk --> dvzugl : lnjee
dvzugl --> mjfqip : arwyl
mjfqip --> hpfepj : iqqzk
hpfepj --> ucggtj : wmsiy
ucggtj --> ljcwme : kzxwj
ljcwme --> nukyza : jmqod
@enduml