@startuml
hide empty description
state mixvek
mixvek --> cffnjx : ocrpl
state qgvwgq <<fork>>
cffnjx --> qgvwgq : afktt
state uqurbl <<join>>
qgvwgq --> aebnkn : ufie
aebnkn --> ghhvpr : egyku
ghhvpr --> mymffq : kvitk
mymffq --> wijbac : oezyd
wijbac --> uqurbl : tgzhapm
qgvwgq --> qboobt : hrxr
qboobt --> pdbvlh : fnybf
pdbvlh --> jjkovc : woyiw
jjkovc --> fllcrz : eokkn
fllcrz --> uqurbl : pgvbdoa
state uwvekr <<choice>>
uqurbl --> uwvekr : hcsmm
uwvekr --> lvfbeh : etqr
lvfbeh --> zalcem : xpkzq
zalcem --> zangli : licaz
zangli --> ybpqpw : izzip
ybpqpw --> qoxyem : gwrhjnw
uwvekr --> cnwbit : wdqn
cnwbit --> zgwabc : brziy
zgwabc --> qoxyem : gtzucgf
uwvekr --> hedjnv : sucg
hedjnv --> hhoomz : wlxkw
hhoomz --> qoxyem : oecfcsg
qoxyem --> xbekna : ncqxs
xbekna --> gqkeuw : lfnku
gqkeuw --> wjnquv : ffhpl
wjnquv --> zclqxr : piyaw
zclqxr --> dkccjg : ccemj
state dkccjg {
zymqgp --> evubcn : whrqw
evubcn --> pcsdxt : lyhrv
pcsdxt --> wvhnnc : vkdis
wvhnnc --> [*] : ygdzz
}
dkccjg --> uusvox : pnvjq
@enduml