@startuml
hide empty description
state vvtejc
vvtejc --> kleave : taumw
kleave --> inawoh : wslni
state hbwwfl <<fork>>
inawoh --> hbwwfl : edfhg
state quzilg <<join>>
hbwwfl --> ybpbgc : pyjl
ybpbgc --> kqqcvn : dipuu
kqqcvn --> asjnxb : reahq
asjnxb --> quzilg : ndejzvx
hbwwfl --> nutnwi : xdzw
nutnwi --> adjaph : vzbxp
adjaph --> quzilg : sdvtihr
quzilg --> rxaiir : alirj
state rxaiir {
midvok --> zhsjpe : xogut
zhsjpe --> wxzemc : lsgog
wxzemc --> hoctox : gkkfc
hoctox --> [*] : ueoyk
}
rxaiir --> guunij : sgjke
guunij --> arvipz : pvsoz
arvipz --> ivjhob : jerto
ivjhob --> boefpk : fpnyt
boefpk --> zdthbt : frtob
zdthbt --> [*] : zyfkk
@enduml