@startuml
state bkyhvn
[*] --> bkyhvn : vonro
state mjynko <<fork>>
bkyhvn --> mjynko : kjvqo
state mhiwtz <<join>>
mjynko --> kxjtkw : xipi
kxjtkw --> hhvrlx : hcbeg
hhvrlx --> nshvae : usajz
nshvae --> sjespj : myczf
sjespj --> mhiwtz : rqbgdqb
mjynko --> vvpblj : oqjj
vvpblj --> ruzcum : pfgdl
ruzcum --> mkjmrr : ijulr
mkjmrr --> owsiiv : lbppp
owsiiv --> mhiwtz : dtsvrkg
mhiwtz --> xulzux : medwn
xulzux --> azmfhh : qqhco
azmfhh --> nfpsuu : dsyok
nfpsuu --> drxgfd : fjsca
drxgfd --> vlpizw : kvolq
vlpizw --> jnwqpx : uvolw
jnwqpx --> scwfne : wxdhh
scwfne --> kmrkpm : cdejj
kmrkpm --> lubifh : weacz
lubifh --> kdcbxk : aqbgr
kdcbxk --> jklbnz : szecu
jklbnz --> [*] : rtrxq
@enduml