@startuml
hide empty description
state mwbkib
mwbkib --> knbwey : tcdje
state irxmvw <<fork>>
knbwey --> irxmvw : schln
state szprdm <<join>>
irxmvw --> dkkhjt : jtsu
dkkhjt --> azgunq : cufby
azgunq --> ugfsig : afdyu
ugfsig --> hddtsx : poovt
hddtsx --> szprdm : lxwwmcb
irxmvw --> lhhtwc : raxd
lhhtwc --> slechc : jdlre
slechc --> gyxqqz : dlrga
gyxqqz --> szprdm : tygdcum
irxmvw --> rrnyae : sajh
rrnyae --> qeqrek : bngjs
qeqrek --> zkkhqh : judny
zkkhqh --> szprdm : ywbcvoe
szprdm --> jbohwa : gwbmk
jbohwa --> gnewxo : nqarw
gnewxo --> chipju : gdvhn
chipju --> zraehc : sxtmg
state nldkvs <<choice>>
zraehc --> nldkvs : vozjl
nldkvs --> zpdcmn : qivp
zpdcmn --> mngcnu : hgxos
mngcnu --> dsbdjz : rgcvb
dsbdjz --> ybgrbo : qompbzr
nldkvs --> gwwyjd : ufoy
gwwyjd --> mfkjfy : rtkui
mfkjfy --> ziffpo : orjzn
ziffpo --> muudsl : axfza
muudsl --> ybgrbo : xmbrkzf
nldkvs --> drryol : etxj
drryol --> oriblz : vgiyr
oriblz --> maqyqz : zofld
maqyqz --> ncuqas : tnswt
ncuqas --> ybgrbo : wmydnfq
ybgrbo --> lvqwym : xdiad
lvqwym --> tygnvs : hkbku
tygnvs --> [*] : vpplh
@enduml