@startuml
hide empty description
state soxnsg
soxnsg --> rdeode : zgyzu
rdeode --> eztiar : slbnw
state eztiar {
[*] --> gbwoxk : sodmq
gbwoxk --> wvlfwg : oxfpg
wvlfwg --> mvyndt : lqrez
}
state gnppva <<fork>>
eztiar --> gnppva : rpurj
state yxvqch <<join>>
gnppva --> awcybr : term
awcybr --> qfbwod : lsibm
qfbwod --> vibqbp : adqve
vibqbp --> ddpubo : ntxjo
ddpubo --> yxvqch : ttlvhii
gnppva --> bqqdpr : hpzi
bqqdpr --> wspsqy : qkrhi
wspsqy --> fhtnlo : imfda
fhtnlo --> yxvqch : mivrwbn
gnppva --> apdgdw : kzab
apdgdw --> rbsfve : jnxcv
rbsfve --> yxvqch : utybkib
yxvqch --> vjjwun : xwdww
vjjwun --> nwctpy : samgx
nwctpy --> zzoufg : xcywb
zzoufg --> wrhadq : xgrcq
wrhadq --> qhyqhn : rtlkn
qhyqhn --> fraghe : avfdc
state tyekyt <<choice>>
fraghe --> tyekyt : gsnny
tyekyt --> jpmkhc : ijoe
jpmkhc --> nuzkdy : foduv
nuzkdy --> sevaps : mmjks
sevaps --> kxcdxt : lamsx
kxcdxt --> wuhkft : dhnhpvv
tyekyt --> uxqtjx : rkrw
uxqtjx --> nuhkxh : csgud
nuhkxh --> wuhkft : rgebewe
wuhkft --> xhtynb : xgjtp
xhtynb --> kqecxo : aqjbr
kqecxo --> jrluan : gnkqv
state xjyruq <<choice>>
jrluan --> xjyruq : ysuft
xjyruq --> yxsbdj : evzu
yxsbdj --> jvtmny : kbzml
jvtmny --> hecsxt : bfqai
hecsxt --> vdwcyd : bjvebqe
xjyruq --> nppbcw : piaz
nppbcw --> poecjp : qmocg
poecjp --> zkzuig : ccmlt
zkzuig --> vdwcyd : vuxnkxl
xjyruq --> hotnwe : tzff
hotnwe --> mjfwva : jeddg
mjfwva --> wnargh : immjs
wnargh --> vdwcyd : dbexcoe
@enduml