@startuml
hide empty description
state niubhm
[*] --> niubhm : kbkep
niubhm --> rsezju : geypp
rsezju --> trjytl : hfrni
state sfaulp <<fork>>
trjytl --> sfaulp : yuwsr
state nrrnic <<join>>
sfaulp --> qsyktq : qrsm
qsyktq --> ifyaww : utaqq
ifyaww --> nrrnic : hhosybe
sfaulp --> frebds : hlsl
frebds --> vcxqiy : mvyil
vcxqiy --> ylpqmf : afrlc
ylpqmf --> nrrnic : ngjfarq
sfaulp --> msaavq : vujx
msaavq --> phsafx : lukjx
phsafx --> oizgjt : zbxgl
oizgjt --> sthxiz : nuedy
sthxiz --> nrrnic : rbwwjsb
nrrnic --> wqmnrg : njafl
wqmnrg --> yvqnhm : dfivt
state yvqnhm {
nxrhqz --> actmuj : qptua
actmuj --> srjdii : qkmgw
}
@enduml