@startuml
state ounkib
ounkib --> rmxido : euypc
rmxido --> zdmwmj : euvmn
zdmwmj --> difjqw : auicv
state yrxlrt <<choice>>
difjqw --> yrxlrt : osbwy
yrxlrt --> vnlctz : dzcw
vnlctz --> phwlll : vzxub
phwlll --> hmqvtq : uhnrs
hmqvtq --> wjwyiw : vnqnq
wjwyiw --> waeudj : ycyrmrp
yrxlrt --> qebgbl : bgzm
qebgbl --> sxiqoo : rchdt
sxiqoo --> ngsyho : mruwu
ngsyho --> qprumn : mmxbw
qprumn --> waeudj : oemslxe
state cjbnwc <<choice>>
waeudj --> cjbnwc : anmug
cjbnwc --> pppgke : pime
pppgke --> tkanpv : lgnfm
tkanpv --> ygulkq : ijdkwcn
cjbnwc --> visqyi : wtqw
visqyi --> yxrzzh : pxibd
yxrzzh --> ygulkq : imxhfdl
ygulkq --> lfhyxf : kduld
lfhyxf --> hyvksq : udhgn
hyvksq --> kembwq : hqhkf
state drrphr <<fork>>
kembwq --> drrphr : cyieo
state xooczv <<join>>
drrphr --> pthkco : kpxw
pthkco --> dbfell : anotc
dbfell --> xooczv : uzxywgu
drrphr --> pdcuie : jikl
pdcuie --> igzahl : dbemc
igzahl --> agyybe : qplgf
agyybe --> xooczv : ljuxffi
state ailcds <<fork>>
xooczv --> ailcds : qzqur
state vgquis <<join>>
ailcds --> dwbheb : nvue
dwbheb --> igmrwe : dimxj
igmrwe --> vgquis : djgreai
ailcds --> nqwgdz : iazf
nqwgdz --> suaquq : ytdus
suaquq --> vgquis : edlvqcw
vgquis --> ppwatf : mvuqt
ppwatf --> sxsjaw : ekpxo
sxsjaw --> uffjpn : cxmqm
uffjpn --> xsinss : vdikv
xsinss --> [*] : mhaaz
@enduml