@startuml
state dcaepk
dcaepk --> eeakhl : tikxa
state eeakhl {
[*] --> luuqdv : tdkmb
luuqdv --> xwgodk : ufxyq
xwgodk --> [*] : cpecq
}
eeakhl --> tnkxwa : lddqt
tnkxwa --> qwoksx : shysi
state surusb <<fork>>
qwoksx --> surusb : ozdvs
state baleuo <<join>>
surusb --> ayrnoh : atmo
ayrnoh --> wyrzrk : hlrnz
wyrzrk --> yieyvh : rpqtj
yieyvh --> nqvxnq : ndfxn
nqvxnq --> baleuo : zhcjmym
surusb --> lvhdzy : exsc
lvhdzy --> ybixhv : rxsev
ybixhv --> baleuo : xychyyb
baleuo --> ignlsw : ezcnr
state ignlsw {
pzwsnw --> sozfxv : ihhuf
sozfxv --> yxwpgu : hqqgl
}
state wnwcit <<choice>>
ignlsw --> wnwcit : bqkvc
wnwcit --> wqooaf : nwsl
wqooaf --> zevlxk : slwqt
zevlxk --> eaymlo : uoekk
eaymlo --> bftrsz : ntmjlze
wnwcit --> jxxoss : rlnk
jxxoss --> vydgkh : khxww
vydgkh --> tbmpen : uxwte
tbmpen --> bftrsz : amkzxyu
wnwcit --> lyfody : bvqy
lyfody --> orpxsn : tagir
orpxsn --> xrmkyy : dzkvm
xrmkyy --> jovneu : ojnot
jovneu --> bftrsz : wxmukfv
bftrsz --> idjcqm : kzapv
idjcqm --> bqkpwl : hispi
@enduml