@startuml
state nrjfcz
[*] --> nrjfcz : tmwvw
nrjfcz --> nqduxj : hjndi
state nqduxj {
[*] --> tdcgdy : asroc
tdcgdy --> kojvki : nixkt
kojvki --> [*] : hfnxm
}
nqduxj --> qgjebf : bxkuk
qgjebf --> inyxnn : osqar
state foocht <<fork>>
inyxnn --> foocht : xvnhh
state mzmyqn <<join>>
foocht --> ytyhct : xroi
ytyhct --> xtrgos : uwkfw
xtrgos --> gozmlg : opopz
gozmlg --> zqlpkg : itpnp
zqlpkg --> mzmyqn : rpqazgy
foocht --> rpfbdo : zxck
rpfbdo --> oefcfx : riwgx
oefcfx --> mzmyqn : zzzkvvb
foocht --> tzlonr : rury
tzlonr --> otmzlp : jobbk
otmzlp --> mzmyqn : xevzqbo
mzmyqn --> oqacdo : vhjnl
oqacdo --> uwakpb : tzvzz
uwakpb --> [*] : osyku
@enduml