@startuml
state sspfqk
sspfqk --> ooslqs : rzcmz
state mgehri <<choice>>
ooslqs --> mgehri : vzxnl
mgehri --> vjzqpl : ccsi
vjzqpl --> ljwigh : oqvem
ljwigh --> wffngy : akgmmgo
mgehri --> xstugw : xeyk
xstugw --> zzmiiw : icign
zzmiiw --> wsfkls : vdysr
wsfkls --> wffngy : jbjksps
wffngy --> raarev : tiuiv
state nmodqt <<fork>>
raarev --> nmodqt : nqkid
state ubhcwj <<join>>
nmodqt --> gqvckl : husa
gqvckl --> evkvlf : kurge
evkvlf --> ubhcwj : vhkvazw
nmodqt --> jfqdna : qunv
jfqdna --> cgicva : ktxsb
cgicva --> ubhcwj : nfxaslt
ubhcwj --> ztegts : hxnhp
@enduml