@startuml
hide empty description
state hmsbqz
hmsbqz --> pqnfhu : yheuv
pqnfhu --> lmjpem : mftte
lmjpem --> krbzcb : qvcok
state mprifo <<choice>>
krbzcb --> mprifo : zuikx
mprifo --> bdxkvi : xgex
bdxkvi --> bttybx : fiyjt
bttybx --> opqjsq : jabmf
opqjsq --> dfdzke : aubjsug
mprifo --> mqzgzv : qbnn
mqzgzv --> pbmudu : yhzuh
pbmudu --> zhxoxl : xqzqi
zhxoxl --> dfdzke : pdmxygz
mprifo --> ozwudv : fwkc
ozwudv --> iwsjus : vejba
iwsjus --> iwvnwb : gxsas
iwvnwb --> dfdzke : cdivfke
state xbysrv <<fork>>
dfdzke --> xbysrv : qvfzt
state ogzrwe <<join>>
xbysrv --> zwowsv : tsdi
zwowsv --> nkoykf : yphrt
nkoykf --> hxvhxv : rjqng
hxvhxv --> cjapuc : ycmcj
cjapuc --> ogzrwe : yibxwit
xbysrv --> lxigsg : fvff
lxigsg --> qorknr : wtiis
qorknr --> ogzrwe : sjvzico
ogzrwe --> fcizxs : ivrdw
fcizxs --> jlwspq : llvvj
jlwspq --> zfvimw : gozlv
zfvimw --> picgxv : ghrfa
picgxv --> xdcwhw : cxyiy
@enduml