@startuml
state oxftsg
[*] --> oxftsg : pckfr
oxftsg --> mtxjqc : zarbk
mtxjqc --> ewnjun : wtsup
state rqxnuk <<fork>>
ewnjun --> rqxnuk : upcyf
state tcebcz <<join>>
rqxnuk --> ldbgam : jnfq
ldbgam --> gtffzz : uwztc
gtffzz --> rpgrfk : gagfi
rpgrfk --> tcebcz : wnmageu
rqxnuk --> rwneiy : ktnr
rwneiy --> hdlqds : pdkci
hdlqds --> tcebcz : uxfmcfx
tcebcz --> snycgn : tchcs
snycgn --> mfyyon : fpvnh
mfyyon --> urikxg : vdoef
urikxg --> vfktsf : yukpp
vfktsf --> lnpbut : brkux
lnpbut --> jytxxe : bgjba
jytxxe --> xtoinx : tshxa
state xtoinx {
yutilk --> avlbcm : cxpwp
avlbcm --> ibdeid : geseg
}
xtoinx --> eozdwo : owiqp
eozdwo --> fmchtl : wnrhy
fmchtl --> uejgjo : uiwrz
@enduml