@startuml
hide empty description
state gwwtif
[*] --> gwwtif : tdxug
state kocmdt <<choice>>
gwwtif --> kocmdt : lxiun
kocmdt --> opywry : hdej
opywry --> wkcrwf : mxszg
wkcrwf --> lxltgc : dnvvs
lxltgc --> uhnlwh : lxkvnkm
kocmdt --> eryfxj : azlt
eryfxj --> ayurkt : fyaja
ayurkt --> nrzpvo : dqphg
nrzpvo --> uhnlwh : zrgtsce
kocmdt --> fkqwsd : kryj
fkqwsd --> qjimgu : psmrg
qjimgu --> uhnlwh : gekhavb
uhnlwh --> exgqrz : rqzrh
exgqrz --> gpvsas : viiaq
gpvsas --> bhrxes : xevts
bhrxes --> unkpxf : txvfc
unkpxf --> jazaik : aepxc
state naiqwa <<choice>>
jazaik --> naiqwa : hnjuq
naiqwa --> iyvnxc : trib
iyvnxc --> uhslfw : khzsu
uhslfw --> mgckox : brtdo
mgckox --> zojnbc : emzfs
zojnbc --> oiztbf : qlsupgo
naiqwa --> zvwuou : tzbj
zvwuou --> ukrgxf : zumhk
ukrgxf --> oiztbf : wciludy
naiqwa --> thajbs : savb
thajbs --> fpaufi : lllee
fpaufi --> dipuxc : vepel
dipuxc --> mhnrby : ropzs
mhnrby --> oiztbf : iisuwwl
oiztbf --> sslime : khsig
@enduml