@startuml
state rbnruc
rbnruc --> eqsbuc : burdu
eqsbuc --> ubtfzy : xesms
ubtfzy --> yqdhin : dknxy
yqdhin --> whuihh : sdxaj
whuihh --> ztteoa : uxhnk
ztteoa --> rzlfud : vlutc
rzlfud --> gajido : fkjgg
gajido --> napvbr : wnlmb
napvbr --> qvflbk : hftgi
state gbxohj <<fork>>
qvflbk --> gbxohj : cwytu
state yqjuds <<join>>
gbxohj --> bgvnnd : pfra
bgvnnd --> vxkpul : xgffj
vxkpul --> gxbvvf : sfhjt
gxbvvf --> yqjuds : dyrzrxd
gbxohj --> vpzlng : aemy
vpzlng --> ytwxer : ryprm
ytwxer --> ubnsbh : lsaju
ubnsbh --> ihcxmt : tcnab
ihcxmt --> yqjuds : hajoebc
@enduml