@startuml
hide empty description
state mrzevg
mrzevg --> gntclz : hfjje
state zmpqri <<choice>>
gntclz --> zmpqri : kkmzg
zmpqri --> lageuv : hoiz
lageuv --> liauwo : sddan
liauwo --> qatusl : gveavzq
zmpqri --> gkxgio : vnzb
gkxgio --> sknwaf : qqcyk
sknwaf --> zohrvl : gszbw
zohrvl --> hdjhsm : aivqh
hdjhsm --> qatusl : nizjmcv
zmpqri --> qnfvym : grxe
qnfvym --> beqjvu : zueve
beqjvu --> qatusl : keqrlzo
qatusl --> lpwupf : jdpvu
lpwupf --> ujwxha : rffiq
state ujwxha {
[*] --> shuuam : dglti
shuuam --> qawnrq : zffcu
}
state jledxk <<choice>>
ujwxha --> jledxk : hddrb
jledxk --> smchqj : nndf
smchqj --> niobtm : fsffs
niobtm --> wozyev : ukwsj
wozyev --> wqsnlo : ypatl
wqsnlo --> rleswo : puraxjn
jledxk --> dsaflk : mctf
dsaflk --> fjszcb : kcdrq
fjszcb --> dwbxmw : bjryl
dwbxmw --> fusmqo : ybuud
fusmqo --> rleswo : yvmhhaa
rleswo --> zekryl : ekpbt
zekryl --> pwrhxp : hbrqt
state tsdmua <<fork>>
pwrhxp --> tsdmua : uhtip
state noqkcf <<join>>
tsdmua --> zslqej : bghq
zslqej --> qxdkag : hoqhq
qxdkag --> yfunec : lrhpx
yfunec --> noqkcf : dcafeul
tsdmua --> gjmcpt : mtjx
gjmcpt --> qfhfqz : nctns
qfhfqz --> noqkcf : jkodnld
tsdmua --> mqfqhr : itrr
mqfqhr --> qjfvui : xxsoz
qjfvui --> noqkcf : fgdbwtk
noqkcf --> nuowic : aafvg
nuowic --> rcqhws : mlnqk
state rcqhws {
zlkbep --> fjkede : jurqj
}
rcqhws --> cdeotv : zizvr
@enduml