@startuml
hide empty description
state etmxmu
[*] --> etmxmu : iguly
etmxmu --> ngwkrs : zzzmp
ngwkrs --> grndgs : qnzxv
grndgs --> ljuwah : xigmi
ljuwah --> fishpr : qcmab
fishpr --> mufgac : jrlea
state knxaky <<fork>>
mufgac --> knxaky : tpqgt
state xwokvu <<join>>
knxaky --> guwvud : xpuu
guwvud --> wirtbd : bcsgy
wirtbd --> pytygx : uzudi
pytygx --> xwokvu : qayjdhs
knxaky --> gwfshr : tlqs
gwfshr --> bczupx : wneav
bczupx --> ljxhtr : hqoca
ljxhtr --> qkcual : ytzkw
qkcual --> xwokvu : tziyehj
xwokvu --> xqafie : qbthz
xqafie --> mlebud : vmmsi
mlebud --> lmyzmk : ysyfz
lmyzmk --> dirnga : mxhpe
dirnga --> cqgnjj : mjkkf
cqgnjj --> rvhpqq : emuds
rvhpqq --> [*] : okvkk
@enduml