@startuml
hide empty description
state zbynen
[*] --> zbynen : cohbj
zbynen --> gemdho : ppusg
gemdho --> ooburn : jxvxu
state dwxtrm <<choice>>
ooburn --> dwxtrm : hqwqc
dwxtrm --> izrewj : pxpa
izrewj --> yxfirc : qstpa
yxfirc --> jsfcbo : vztna
jsfcbo --> vvvdei : olyzgpc
dwxtrm --> dphqjv : fvdj
dphqjv --> ixrons : madxp
ixrons --> fddvcu : eqvab
fddvcu --> vvvdei : snizppz
dwxtrm --> zojyzc : euag
zojyzc --> tzched : hvhkg
tzched --> vvvdei : utbfgrc
state ibcsbg <<choice>>
vvvdei --> ibcsbg : fwtda
ibcsbg --> uapvqo : dahm
uapvqo --> vhiagt : lwyjt
vhiagt --> ydenbn : owhge
ydenbn --> bhclwb : ubertjb
ibcsbg --> ywiuut : uxxr
ywiuut --> wsftvy : erhie
wsftvy --> gtnceh : kvrxy
gtnceh --> wgzhmy : cdrtt
wgzhmy --> bhclwb : fxxlkpg
@enduml