@startuml
hide empty description
state orgyim
[*] --> orgyim : ueyzf
orgyim --> abbmmc : uhrdf
abbmmc --> bdnrgn : vnkuw
bdnrgn --> zoqism : pljmj
zoqism --> wzqpgy : xyaov
wzqpgy --> xbzpoc : vbhrm
state qfoqqr <<choice>>
xbzpoc --> qfoqqr : xofrm
qfoqqr --> gbiysg : jndw
gbiysg --> omfasi : gshqo
omfasi --> hortum : kjvpzgy
qfoqqr --> bhhtrc : tlfl
bhhtrc --> zzebin : pzdjz
zzebin --> zxnzep : whzox
zxnzep --> fhwmoa : drhpp
fhwmoa --> hortum : gazkhqq
qfoqqr --> ppurjz : jqmj
ppurjz --> boewze : wncwv
boewze --> hortum : wjcqiem
hortum --> gsaovr : aurmw
gsaovr --> congza : rjkog
congza --> gfledh : pinpv
gfledh --> wjaxqs : bytvg
wjaxqs --> cekeed : ydqvd
cekeed --> yvyvtn : bsknh
yvyvtn --> kaqwvz : iemcu
state kaqwvz {
dngzic --> edmmbp : ztmby
edmmbp --> [*] : bkjsn
}
state dpgngw <<choice>>
kaqwvz --> dpgngw : tlbpq
dpgngw --> ggaqqa : ahsk
ggaqqa --> wzwbrq : vqvpo
wzwbrq --> kxsmwc : rrorwqw
dpgngw --> mrwxxc : kzbq
mrwxxc --> uuzcdo : xbsmd
uuzcdo --> hjrzek : dtqsi
hjrzek --> zcbidp : suqzi
zcbidp --> kxsmwc : hhksxzn
kxsmwc --> vitgeo : uuneg
@enduml