@startuml
state qldgbc
qldgbc --> gdechw : qrwrm
gdechw --> ezdhsl : tscow
ezdhsl --> qxcumh : mvbpy
qxcumh --> mvyyji : tivup
state lxmxwd <<choice>>
mvyyji --> lxmxwd : rncji
lxmxwd --> tqevhr : vmzb
tqevhr --> iidpfr : tllet
iidpfr --> wprvpo : keizm
wprvpo --> cdojoc : zyoqzuu
lxmxwd --> uykxck : xyvp
uykxck --> gztipj : vhtqq
gztipj --> xvroxk : maqsx
xvroxk --> cdojoc : vzyavgl
lxmxwd --> zegtag : txep
zegtag --> yfdhtp : uepyh
yfdhtp --> lqlwja : etczj
lqlwja --> usnbws : biovt
usnbws --> cdojoc : wykavzu
cdojoc --> ulaiwx : jcorm
state ulaiwx {
[*] --> atqyce : rvgnn
atqyce --> ojkbzb : bndxf
ojkbzb --> [*] : zflhn
}
ulaiwx --> kwrnpf : gxwgm
kwrnpf --> froxpa : rvzaq
state froxpa {
[*] --> iabzxi : xwjas
iabzxi --> sadesy : adjgu
}
froxpa --> rdgdml : vtwsy
rdgdml --> vzgmoy : cgpbe
vzgmoy --> jabwjt : ueozb
@enduml