@startuml
state boicqh
[*] --> boicqh : bmbmh
boicqh --> qbioqc : smzrh
state iotjbs <<choice>>
qbioqc --> iotjbs : qbzyj
iotjbs --> mfgqka : zfxe
mfgqka --> hmohch : riwed
hmohch --> dapayd : qxuwgva
iotjbs --> bkestz : xcez
bkestz --> eaplry : khlay
eaplry --> dapayd : sdcadjz
iotjbs --> xsscjd : qxji
xsscjd --> pbrfdd : vufdy
pbrfdd --> xjstlt : eryco
xjstlt --> dapayd : rybgfiw
dapayd --> lxqodf : etkby
lxqodf --> rjswip : cgjdd
rjswip --> cyvksq : kbcfs
cyvksq --> keasme : gfiqz
keasme --> drttyy : gteqh
drttyy --> pmgblk : tgutm
pmgblk --> tgssbu : xlpnd
@enduml