@startuml
state prmxpv
[*] --> prmxpv : otonc
prmxpv --> dqbpuz : ryykf
dqbpuz --> rryhea : kchwd
state rryhea {
sooavv --> vhxfzs : pkjfq
vhxfzs --> lhqmlr : ubuwt
lhqmlr --> kfufnd : tghcn
kfufnd --> [*] : yibhf
}
rryhea --> slmkft : gmzye
state slmkft {
[*] --> ffeobk : gvfxv
ffeobk --> pzcwey : qfanp
pzcwey --> ilnfyf : dmxbr
}
slmkft --> krozgu : sldvq
state krozgu {
[*] --> rnbygs : qkbli
rnbygs --> uhosky : mbyxq
}
state duqigr <<fork>>
krozgu --> duqigr : qclaz
state pofejg <<join>>
duqigr --> dewcln : soag
dewcln --> kuzgmt : gmoft
kuzgmt --> ahqhhj : ogits
ahqhhj --> pofejg : ukmusmx
duqigr --> ebtejt : ykim
ebtejt --> agadnw : mdndt
agadnw --> pofejg : xyjtrmq
duqigr --> mfpuzf : pyzb
mfpuzf --> cdfgym : nevno
cdfgym --> cctuxe : eahlk
cctuxe --> pgtlqc : fqxkf
pgtlqc --> pofejg : yvyutao
pofejg --> ueqtje : lypil
ueqtje --> kdjjre : qbwrh
kdjjre --> qxubkp : fizii
qxubkp --> amrdie : rfxwi
@enduml