@startuml
hide empty description
state wguubw
[*] --> wguubw : kaksw
wguubw --> uglaaj : bqmxh
state bjntja <<fork>>
uglaaj --> bjntja : uqyit
state fmmacx <<join>>
bjntja --> ysoegh : fbjv
ysoegh --> esgznj : bwiiu
esgznj --> dlukww : agtnu
dlukww --> fzvqnl : utqma
fzvqnl --> fmmacx : crcwlhr
bjntja --> drmbjk : qacf
drmbjk --> oymyoj : qtrlr
oymyoj --> fmmacx : dzahexa
bjntja --> njmuew : ikhb
njmuew --> gkoaih : hzhhn
gkoaih --> tsvbel : ultdp
tsvbel --> auybhf : culkl
auybhf --> fmmacx : deusnvm
fmmacx --> rocpra : gumnj
rocpra --> vwddql : lnmhs
vwddql --> akixxt : wppre
akixxt --> keowcu : bwtls
state keowcu {
rnubmc --> wavwru : qcxrn
wavwru --> [*] : gifpw
}
keowcu --> [*] : chtvd
@enduml