@startuml
state rswtrn
rswtrn --> szieut : eadpp
szieut --> mlsxvs : olrsv
mlsxvs --> wlexup : mnmdp
wlexup --> soafec : ipfow
soafec --> ugvnug : nemxj
ugvnug --> khzkqi : rkigs
khzkqi --> zlcnhu : klyep
zlcnhu --> soasii : gcioa
soasii --> wfzvuy : otola
state kdtfku <<choice>>
wfzvuy --> kdtfku : ecxbx
kdtfku --> tgvkvo : rhsf
tgvkvo --> dqhzjm : zjsye
dqhzjm --> ismbcz : xsmcg
ismbcz --> sibkdk : riizx
sibkdk --> bnzqdh : krkesib
kdtfku --> bpnkic : yxur
bpnkic --> mjcmjq : kfrfa
mjcmjq --> bcwtjx : rdpee
bcwtjx --> yxjuxz : jgqhz
yxjuxz --> bnzqdh : nczrwcd
bnzqdh --> ncqtmu : rvhba
state settyx <<fork>>
ncqtmu --> settyx : axfvt
state oukjfa <<join>>
settyx --> agufhl : iosn
agufhl --> zszszc : ngvjq
zszszc --> biqlba : donqk
biqlba --> oukjfa : apqrxjb
settyx --> khwlmh : yyqv
khwlmh --> irwlbv : qrgag
irwlbv --> oukjfa : uidujtn
settyx --> bmydeb : cydn
bmydeb --> ieyrop : shzgw
ieyrop --> uiakod : jtezi
uiakod --> qsbnwg : fezew
qsbnwg --> oukjfa : liwdenn
oukjfa --> hygryy : hrvie
state egpcas <<fork>>
hygryy --> egpcas : ebxvb
state mlpznh <<join>>
egpcas --> utskah : kizg
utskah --> lywgtq : omwng
lywgtq --> hqbkkx : cezek
hqbkkx --> iqdkwo : tpkki
iqdkwo --> mlpznh : akzhmps
egpcas --> cioqjl : ckyt
cioqjl --> qygyxw : vhlug
qygyxw --> nqmmvj : erxbf
nqmmvj --> mlpznh : pxyusqc
state fpuxuo <<fork>>
mlpznh --> fpuxuo : oxngw
state tohnuj <<join>>
fpuxuo --> bnufgq : xkxw
bnufgq --> pdiqka : rxexe
pdiqka --> zraaoz : wrztt
zraaoz --> snyldv : wnizl
snyldv --> tohnuj : tlghrwn
fpuxuo --> rrqucc : rjcx
rrqucc --> wffeef : ywbxa
wffeef --> tohnuj : vnttfjx
tohnuj --> zkwgxw : obtwa
zkwgxw --> [*] : guxod
@enduml