@startuml
state mrawic
state ddegbx <<fork>>
mrawic --> ddegbx : ywucp
state akzoue <<join>>
ddegbx --> wvigww : igcs
wvigww --> fbcfqi : epvou
fbcfqi --> bpxrtf : dpsbf
bpxrtf --> akzoue : iuawnhx
ddegbx --> zaaawy : cbsn
zaaawy --> khfwfk : rwdnk
khfwfk --> fywdzz : wjnxw
fywdzz --> wvaxcv : ryqoa
wvaxcv --> akzoue : udzruzg
ddegbx --> avjrnz : plhe
avjrnz --> sapgrt : qcrde
sapgrt --> akzoue : rpmulnt
state mcwjzg <<choice>>
akzoue --> mcwjzg : yrktu
mcwjzg --> ycbrma : zdjl
ycbrma --> nbnusl : bxkrg
nbnusl --> fsjjoq : gpxhg
fsjjoq --> nhjnjj : xnyfn
nhjnjj --> voypkn : sswpmah
mcwjzg --> ofypft : uzkk
ofypft --> rbtxuy : nrspo
rbtxuy --> hhdsow : umqru
hhdsow --> voypkn : etouehu
voypkn --> ajytwv : kelob
ajytwv --> lntdje : xorbo
lntdje --> anjvtm : kgppx
state anjvtm {
[*] --> nibwvf : dcsbp
nibwvf --> bfzcoa : zxuqi
bfzcoa --> efnlln : oifcw
efnlln --> [*] : effto
}
anjvtm --> oqvbea : eaaqq
oqvbea --> ubqten : ubwpv
ubqten --> clmjkw : wncmm
clmjkw --> hzsvoa : fhmms
hzsvoa --> mrvste : qsjzn
mrvste --> [*] : pyejw
@enduml