@startuml
hide empty description
state rzyvqr
[*] --> rzyvqr : ukwdh
rzyvqr --> owspxi : vtsvg
owspxi --> mngboa : rbcpd
mngboa --> lrwwcg : lovox
state lxlvta <<fork>>
lrwwcg --> lxlvta : ebnph
state gkmbfl <<join>>
lxlvta --> yjdaux : kixu
yjdaux --> fcrtgh : ygvie
fcrtgh --> ulbxzz : olxbm
ulbxzz --> varnru : xwxbj
varnru --> gkmbfl : rbgkehz
lxlvta --> wfvupn : zuvf
wfvupn --> dlvwfr : sohqp
dlvwfr --> omefzi : cudul
omefzi --> saqvmn : kxqie
saqvmn --> gkmbfl : fnrgqas
state hcfhdn <<choice>>
gkmbfl --> hcfhdn : socro
hcfhdn --> ewrwlo : esfm
ewrwlo --> adsdnq : yceuq
adsdnq --> jadpgx : rorkz
jadpgx --> owmtss : sodmoyk
hcfhdn --> aqfycv : ueaj
aqfycv --> yxopky : mhrjm
yxopky --> gkfbvt : joxnc
gkfbvt --> owmtss : gtyupjh
hcfhdn --> xtoxjb : xxof
xtoxjb --> fgnydy : fsnjw
fgnydy --> owmtss : gejfhhl
owmtss --> wpbuiu : pxadw
wpbuiu --> lqgyys : sxylw
lqgyys --> fmghqx : dezqm
fmghqx --> phsaka : btqns
state hqfedt <<fork>>
phsaka --> hqfedt : blgvb
state xtutna <<join>>
hqfedt --> vdcuql : maoc
vdcuql --> bchwqf : gjmrn
bchwqf --> xtutna : yjhrnfw
hqfedt --> svnqbw : iafx
svnqbw --> lsugcf : neamw
lsugcf --> xtutna : gkmgvkl
hqfedt --> ushzeu : btuy
ushzeu --> cxjsdj : sghqy
cxjsdj --> nckhpj : mdeee
nckhpj --> cixbfj : uexdj
cixbfj --> xtutna : nbtyonu
@enduml