@startuml
state vdzqus
vdzqus --> klsldf : mrawj
klsldf --> axanop : wzzku
axanop --> fgcljj : qdxwc
fgcljj --> wdthqv : iomeb
wdthqv --> gvvdou : fkqng
gvvdou --> ccuurw : ebtca
state rmsuto <<choice>>
ccuurw --> rmsuto : ohque
rmsuto --> jtysbc : efuw
jtysbc --> vecdoq : kaxqg
vecdoq --> yeivpj : rxphhnb
rmsuto --> wizhey : edfe
wizhey --> hodfnp : qbnux
hodfnp --> refwyc : mpvfl
refwyc --> yeivpj : tcvecgb
rmsuto --> bwklad : voco
bwklad --> qlxxtu : fxmhj
qlxxtu --> rnvhdz : lngdr
rnvhdz --> yeivpj : aievprj
state fwnxwo <<choice>>
yeivpj --> fwnxwo : bdxeb
fwnxwo --> vukqww : hbxm
vukqww --> psmlls : hykah
psmlls --> pxissl : vqtreuk
fwnxwo --> rrcemk : xzsc
rrcemk --> fpifdf : femrz
fpifdf --> pxissl : fmphfwu
fwnxwo --> hmopos : vuvh
hmopos --> canvto : wazde
canvto --> pxissl : tyjgpmr
pxissl --> ctrbky : qvbct
ctrbky --> ifukxd : ldhys
ifukxd --> hqyvkq : oonas
hqyvkq --> lrvlck : qfmsw
lrvlck --> caogrg : gcbpf
caogrg --> tbdmpm : peixu
tbdmpm --> kmidfv : ongaf
@enduml