@startuml
hide empty description
state jnuxzi
state vjocir <<choice>>
jnuxzi --> vjocir : ntrkg
vjocir --> qbmlex : todr
qbmlex --> ewaifp : xlbar
ewaifp --> imfxwr : nihpu
imfxwr --> rttpno : hikopox
vjocir --> mvhfbv : zmdr
mvhfbv --> yuhrns : heugg
yuhrns --> scdpvl : cabgs
scdpvl --> xvqexj : jorsw
xvqexj --> rttpno : hdcazsr
rttpno --> cqfzjm : lddwb
cqfzjm --> kdxjyh : ifwxv
kdxjyh --> emxumu : lwsuw
emxumu --> qxedmp : apves
qxedmp --> mffysl : gdkrl
mffysl --> vqncft : hhwun
vqncft --> abwhye : bvdrr
abwhye --> riauvm : bdzfr
riauvm --> dsyibj : bvuea
dsyibj --> dvxbwo : oabja
dvxbwo --> wzpswb : jkuyd
state cswyks <<fork>>
wzpswb --> cswyks : xexas
state achvob <<join>>
cswyks --> akmhta : nifn
akmhta --> cernuy : yuizn
cernuy --> achvob : tljexei
cswyks --> khgzrb : tick
khgzrb --> xgbsug : gypfz
xgbsug --> achvob : zbzhgiz
@enduml