@startuml
state anmylz
anmylz --> lulxzv : lqmhg
lulxzv --> mrormw : udbed
mrormw --> iwwcvr : dnkgl
iwwcvr --> rrtcbc : oggft
state gepufs <<fork>>
rrtcbc --> gepufs : utisc
state glpzat <<join>>
gepufs --> ikmfmc : orfo
ikmfmc --> featbu : fakha
featbu --> nbromh : rjljs
nbromh --> utnxya : magvg
utnxya --> glpzat : poraquj
gepufs --> niyauc : afgt
niyauc --> bypqok : rrtdg
bypqok --> glpzat : sxcrbwr
gepufs --> bvercd : uznu
bvercd --> nxmbte : wcmrv
nxmbte --> ulivgb : ppuod
ulivgb --> rmuzls : qexij
rmuzls --> glpzat : omesazf
state civuhz <<choice>>
glpzat --> civuhz : djjrv
civuhz --> anuccj : kruv
anuccj --> xezjhy : sccui
xezjhy --> aisvrb : mbpfu
aisvrb --> cnsjem : rhqqz
cnsjem --> tudgfx : jdyhrmw
civuhz --> vooyvu : mcow
vooyvu --> airchp : qxbkv
airchp --> xfflyc : faghk
xfflyc --> megpbq : emeou
megpbq --> tudgfx : axuoszq
tudgfx --> gwxtqw : jqror
gwxtqw --> vwvjyt : ocsxq
vwvjyt --> [*] : osrtx
@enduml