@startuml
state rzfjkr
rzfjkr --> hhkbqz : sfmha
hhkbqz --> umgpep : nohpg
umgpep --> mhuhhg : ogbhu
state youpgp <<fork>>
mhuhhg --> youpgp : mrwcn
state rtgyxo <<join>>
youpgp --> watdtl : ebrl
watdtl --> jkhyhz : kaziy
jkhyhz --> haazcd : bsxik
haazcd --> udxxta : jxxzt
udxxta --> rtgyxo : iewphmn
youpgp --> rznsai : bhlp
rznsai --> ovqwft : xlfgq
ovqwft --> dlbgno : ixvwu
dlbgno --> rtgyxo : jozlwnb
youpgp --> piuldn : yqcv
piuldn --> hojour : ywmwo
hojour --> lngmtc : cnemq
lngmtc --> loqwbk : fhbia
loqwbk --> rtgyxo : ticxnwe
rtgyxo --> giqkue : vldbn
@enduml