@startuml
state sixjtc
[*] --> sixjtc : tyggg
sixjtc --> kdrxvs : jcxib
kdrxvs --> zlklzx : priyg
zlklzx --> ecyrlx : ktxrd
state ecyrlx {
[*] --> oyfuzr : tgphz
oyfuzr --> cdxwpn : sphfs
cdxwpn --> vayuaj : gqenp
vayuaj --> [*] : wpjtr
}
state rxycph <<fork>>
ecyrlx --> rxycph : bywzo
state oznzbx <<join>>
rxycph --> dvrwdz : dpgw
dvrwdz --> gifcfp : tzggu
gifcfp --> hrsalb : xaljr
hrsalb --> oznzbx : iryopxd
rxycph --> xsnrmh : qfco
xsnrmh --> bjsmci : xnkee
bjsmci --> xxcrev : tptqn
xxcrev --> mihvqe : jhydq
mihvqe --> oznzbx : tobhjvn
rxycph --> yajmlb : aqfq
yajmlb --> vzkzva : rxorg
vzkzva --> oznzbx : axtrtqo
oznzbx --> lucdbl : knjsm
lucdbl --> dyqtmq : lcxdh
dyqtmq --> szijoc : biokp
szijoc --> fqilii : lqtjw
state xiiiae <<choice>>
fqilii --> xiiiae : fghno
xiiiae --> alhpre : eiye
alhpre --> wiermu : uazjk
wiermu --> hofdxj : sxixm
hofdxj --> lqgjnv : huflqqo
xiiiae --> tzhlvk : cyrv
tzhlvk --> rvlkuj : fezoh
rvlkuj --> qdjekj : nanma
qdjekj --> lqgjnv : hyuhdxj
xiiiae --> bvffmb : yqpb
bvffmb --> gilclx : wwhyn
gilclx --> lqgjnv : pvjpjmq
lqgjnv --> oswlwl : xorjk
state lszudq <<choice>>
oswlwl --> lszudq : htbia
lszudq --> haxpbb : mjsi
haxpbb --> nrnvfn : zlpqc
nrnvfn --> fkvvtd : dznxf
fkvvtd --> aavlrx : qgeizpc
lszudq --> wqvvai : sjcz
wqvvai --> enveki : wdijt
enveki --> aavlrx : qxbacjo
lszudq --> xehkgv : rthi
xehkgv --> zqadqz : cvyne
zqadqz --> iccngr : dgexu
iccngr --> aavlrx : rossddt
aavlrx --> uwdadx : rlxqx
uwdadx --> oiqitf : jaiua
@enduml