@startuml
hide empty description
state iirfxk
[*] --> iirfxk : ihmtw
iirfxk --> wztkbh : kpqpa
wztkbh --> qcfiig : rpxgl
qcfiig --> eorvld : ietef
eorvld --> hlhvjg : cikon
hlhvjg --> nuuaej : xkovd
state nuuaej {
abhpsk --> ulcaee : fucvl
ulcaee --> pxqxgs : zrhps
pxqxgs --> coueln : flwkd
coueln --> [*] : qbdra
}
nuuaej --> qwymla : jooye
qwymla --> rnlkpy : edxdz
state bkkqwm <<fork>>
rnlkpy --> bkkqwm : jiura
state teuete <<join>>
bkkqwm --> xiktag : ucot
xiktag --> cfznzv : nphja
cfznzv --> zuwxbi : sswqn
zuwxbi --> geulfw : tpzfz
geulfw --> teuete : wbwrfzx
bkkqwm --> ucbshr : tjgq
ucbshr --> arftsa : gunzf
arftsa --> teuete : rcqyfud
bkkqwm --> coypjh : rass
coypjh --> vomqcj : vhkrb
vomqcj --> wdxehe : ieyrg
wdxehe --> teuete : xjgfmly
teuete --> bfibku : tkbct
bfibku --> qyvmzh : qoxvy
qyvmzh --> janaih : aiuhm
janaih --> bjpjjn : pudtb
state bjpjjn {
nbhblq --> drlanr : luapp
drlanr --> dnuptn : bjcbj
}
bjpjjn --> slrrgu : kdvjk
slrrgu --> nvxnry : ufmma
nvxnry --> hjypva : wtfuu
hjypva --> aemolp : akhue
aemolp --> [*] : fehay
@enduml