@startuml
state sagbpr
[*] --> sagbpr : jqknm
state wvvxpm <<choice>>
sagbpr --> wvvxpm : fnksu
wvvxpm --> enbtco : wppk
enbtco --> mlefhs : syiqp
mlefhs --> lmzsyw : mthji
lmzsyw --> bmgvwd : ehqvxes
wvvxpm --> psrjie : oucm
psrjie --> jkncob : vbytu
jkncob --> bmgvwd : eujasid
bmgvwd --> bdsghy : qgxyb
state yiykyt <<choice>>
bdsghy --> yiykyt : hmmtq
yiykyt --> jtcoja : prjp
jtcoja --> ioxvxi : tyiqr
ioxvxi --> oxjnbt : mroxuao
yiykyt --> cphybr : cvcr
cphybr --> bzebjb : bnynh
bzebjb --> oxjnbt : bfumwqz
oxjnbt --> wuknqm : slnpw
wuknqm --> zeuxdg : jxirf
zeuxdg --> hykvdc : xqvnm
hykvdc --> kbxifm : xxint
kbxifm --> ytasyh : furye
ytasyh --> ucydtn : bcebw
ucydtn --> [*] : qtvgv
@enduml