@startuml
state miibxk
miibxk --> eouuwc : osxae
state eouuwc {
kzrzss --> ojddxo : rycbv
ojddxo --> [*] : lxsno
}
eouuwc --> ptyvcn : pcdxw
ptyvcn --> oztezg : uxcyb
state ysxlou <<fork>>
oztezg --> ysxlou : csblb
state emeslr <<join>>
ysxlou --> zzsvud : eala
zzsvud --> qcqwll : xobej
qcqwll --> sruiif : xtbcd
sruiif --> emeslr : epikapm
ysxlou --> rkivow : nxdo
rkivow --> llqzzu : txkgc
llqzzu --> emeslr : ojxrbfs
ysxlou --> xgfuxz : bulp
xgfuxz --> jmixmu : efwge
jmixmu --> cokzwe : gnfdm
cokzwe --> emeslr : armivxz
emeslr --> bubppv : nnmsx
state xyrgmd <<fork>>
bubppv --> xyrgmd : uoadl
state jenwxl <<join>>
xyrgmd --> zpcyvj : azri
zpcyvj --> gduhwn : bhilc
gduhwn --> jenwxl : obsummb
xyrgmd --> jboepz : zorf
jboepz --> eejxqh : nvlch
eejxqh --> ewgasu : ffuld
ewgasu --> cbdpkt : pxkxq
cbdpkt --> jenwxl : pgdpudr
state ejwwix <<fork>>
jenwxl --> ejwwix : ruozp
state mpwcwo <<join>>
ejwwix --> vjkndo : ikdy
vjkndo --> urtucx : dwrgx
urtucx --> mpwcwo : wpwsvqm
ejwwix --> ssgzhj : azff
ssgzhj --> slyksb : hckfl
slyksb --> sojcdi : dkprb
sojcdi --> mpwcwo : btanakj
ejwwix --> eshbdg : hinj
eshbdg --> bswmpa : aexvu
bswmpa --> mwhqpb : vcmdk
mwhqpb --> gphbpz : xumrg
gphbpz --> mpwcwo : gystwzt
mpwcwo --> wgccql : drjcb
state sjbkrq <<choice>>
wgccql --> sjbkrq : brtcz
sjbkrq --> ewzyny : cenx
ewzyny --> fvpblu : gryhl
fvpblu --> dnnylh : zidsqwb
sjbkrq --> vwkhcd : fraf
vwkhcd --> uapqtu : sovha
uapqtu --> dnnylh : xqiqzgj
sjbkrq --> trrcun : ibce
trrcun --> xdyrbx : ihbsx
xdyrbx --> dnnylh : qrwqkbg
dnnylh --> [*] : ofvbj
@enduml