@startuml
state uoosqs
uoosqs --> pireyq : mrqgv
state dtbeuq <<choice>>
pireyq --> dtbeuq : zzgxp
dtbeuq --> pmjhwz : fzqv
pmjhwz --> psxqnh : emzbd
psxqnh --> ikrjhe : prhzf
ikrjhe --> kvhnrc : ldftk
kvhnrc --> qudpfg : hyqyoyx
dtbeuq --> mfufeb : pqft
mfufeb --> xftpke : swlrp
xftpke --> qbqkhl : unslt
qbqkhl --> qudpfg : elmjkhc
qudpfg --> qbolcu : wcuxw
state foycaa <<choice>>
qbolcu --> foycaa : qedkn
foycaa --> sbvldh : bimn
sbvldh --> hqbetb : mdgmb
hqbetb --> xcvalu : bnfvf
xcvalu --> nznoet : ewuenxv
foycaa --> kqmvud : qazx
kqmvud --> atikws : lpena
atikws --> nznoet : oegdftz
foycaa --> abzfta : qlvd
abzfta --> naqgea : zymlp
naqgea --> jrwfjf : axokm
jrwfjf --> nznoet : vnrjzgs
nznoet --> udfsjn : qpqss
udfsjn --> zpwdox : oprhx
zpwdox --> hxuash : bjsai
hxuash --> gvhpah : rxeyc
gvhpah --> [*] : toowp
@enduml