@startuml
hide empty description
state cipgbz
[*] --> cipgbz : fbyug
state boacud <<fork>>
cipgbz --> boacud : roinr
state uluzxa <<join>>
boacud --> zsfayv : qhwo
zsfayv --> btpzev : ngqka
btpzev --> jqxxbm : pwwrf
jqxxbm --> sqxzel : gmstb
sqxzel --> uluzxa : sjpqusb
boacud --> newhco : oytu
newhco --> niugix : wnvrb
niugix --> uluzxa : pmukysb
boacud --> eesdka : fntj
eesdka --> xjgtxa : cukma
xjgtxa --> uluzxa : wczrfod
uluzxa --> bfurif : rhfes
bfurif --> rfaeub : nzmbl
rfaeub --> jzpphn : rlxww
jzpphn --> ugfjep : owjav
ugfjep --> miuuwn : acuhi
miuuwn --> htrcrg : ugayo
htrcrg --> umhrlp : dpxow
umhrlp --> syofcw : scadr
syofcw --> ydrivj : fklih
state hsjjoy <<choice>>
ydrivj --> hsjjoy : hjdzq
hsjjoy --> olnejt : lmyv
olnejt --> ferkad : oziic
ferkad --> zehwax : joopf
zehwax --> mjxadq : fehrgau
hsjjoy --> fujjzi : oymy
fujjzi --> lbvdgs : trtkn
lbvdgs --> ijcriq : dzfkf
ijcriq --> hdibqk : fjuzz
hdibqk --> mjxadq : amplsry
hsjjoy --> rmfgvs : wogm
rmfgvs --> xthalj : yrokh
xthalj --> mjxadq : zrcylgs
mjxadq --> oqchmb : dixrd
oqchmb --> xmvnjt : zhdrm
xmvnjt --> xzniws : gjkmb
xzniws --> yqhvpi : lduyu
state uzaudg <<fork>>
yqhvpi --> uzaudg : kskhh
state zvenrx <<join>>
uzaudg --> dxtshg : yvpr
dxtshg --> ndilxx : boekb
ndilxx --> zvenrx : faiqxwb
uzaudg --> twbkvr : xdzf
twbkvr --> pwmbsa : nwbpi
pwmbsa --> zvenrx : oojghlm
zvenrx --> [*] : sjluz
@enduml