@startuml
hide empty description
state zsdvqu
zsdvqu --> voznex : xssdj
voznex --> ocrftx : msdwf
ocrftx --> mplcpy : jzchx
mplcpy --> kooccp : ltgfd
kooccp --> lkvutr : nlsre
lkvutr --> msifro : cuiuv
msifro --> ogczmf : wvlqu
state lwrlib <<choice>>
ogczmf --> lwrlib : lsmof
lwrlib --> assdjg : clwa
assdjg --> beolyg : vfkjd
beolyg --> oclsqb : ammwwry
lwrlib --> heqvwn : uyev
heqvwn --> vcbnzf : vvybg
vcbnzf --> wgjwny : cahat
wgjwny --> bfbgfi : bsuuo
bfbgfi --> oclsqb : xitcyfx
oclsqb --> rtpvks : zuouf
rtpvks --> yrfnbw : ndidh
yrfnbw --> scspzg : lckbq
scspzg --> istcas : bnwxw
istcas --> uvqjkn : woshw
uvqjkn --> pzzyao : oatym
state fmddwx <<fork>>
pzzyao --> fmddwx : dartz
state gfhqtc <<join>>
fmddwx --> zexzeg : tyie
zexzeg --> ctwirc : olhmw
ctwirc --> qhacqd : ndwao
qhacqd --> gfhqtc : jdmmzdc
fmddwx --> huiyms : wfhu
huiyms --> ezyyuo : tsnfp
ezyyuo --> gfhqtc : mllwlva
fmddwx --> ynvgeb : eofl
ynvgeb --> voadys : uwbvb
voadys --> vzsten : pkxtp
vzsten --> rjbdzx : wqnfv
rjbdzx --> gfhqtc : odbdbnz
gfhqtc --> [*] : kmhqx
@enduml