@startuml
state rxevpb
state srpvbv <<choice>>
rxevpb --> srpvbv : xxpko
srpvbv --> zatdpg : zgqm
zatdpg --> qqlmqi : iwfyv
qqlmqi --> aaezkc : ryprd
aaezkc --> qdzxms : towzu
qdzxms --> ksvzpc : ugzalyj
srpvbv --> roywcj : rzug
roywcj --> zbswyi : mlmvv
zbswyi --> ksvzpc : eszrqti
srpvbv --> oqaoen : bykp
oqaoen --> mbwhjj : ecuvh
mbwhjj --> dkubdl : ijota
dkubdl --> ksvzpc : galestn
ksvzpc --> fefyis : umioc
fefyis --> eohypw : jlaot
state vlctyt <<fork>>
eohypw --> vlctyt : tusyo
state oiqsif <<join>>
vlctyt --> dovnwv : sgya
dovnwv --> iizlya : xdyyr
iizlya --> ytfkei : kicrd
ytfkei --> oiqsif : ozurxmu
vlctyt --> yresam : qkuh
yresam --> dqnrnb : ytvhl
dqnrnb --> ykfdni : hwavi
ykfdni --> oiqsif : fpqrsod
oiqsif --> lzefvx : chtnn
lzefvx --> rbhwec : fqoda
rbhwec --> srjnlc : tslhd
state srjnlc {
azzort --> nmnlyd : vbtcw
nmnlyd --> [*] : mbgix
}
@enduml