@startuml
hide empty description
state riucpo
riucpo --> wnhtog : trdfo
wnhtog --> ymmywr : lqmzy
ymmywr --> qunwdq : ksjqe
qunwdq --> cbouqk : uamye
cbouqk --> eyzpbj : fgstk
state bonxpt <<choice>>
eyzpbj --> bonxpt : zcaev
bonxpt --> ivgqpl : iapi
ivgqpl --> rquksq : kswod
rquksq --> hlzksl : fwgwv
hlzksl --> bukezr : vbryk
bukezr --> ycfqtq : adxzlhc
bonxpt --> rsuryw : bzyd
rsuryw --> xifdhx : kfdwd
xifdhx --> nuvsck : bbbjk
nuvsck --> bzgdpw : lwgno
bzgdpw --> ycfqtq : hncctsf
ycfqtq --> zbixqk : qyqdg
zbixqk --> uwiezc : cogvw
uwiezc --> [*] : jwnhr
@enduml