@startuml
hide empty description
state qhmzwq
[*] --> qhmzwq : ogtvp
state dqriga <<fork>>
qhmzwq --> dqriga : fdath
state regkba <<join>>
dqriga --> redswk : pvin
redswk --> hbsxft : dxtxc
hbsxft --> laeqle : ueojs
laeqle --> regkba : aibumne
dqriga --> dbanqw : bwzd
dbanqw --> lxgvtm : kkmcj
lxgvtm --> yqfdwm : leuez
yqfdwm --> regkba : wnpuhcm
dqriga --> qkxiab : poph
qkxiab --> bwpqnt : ptfei
bwpqnt --> wowhqu : ebusc
wowhqu --> ioiuue : mazrb
ioiuue --> regkba : tknuyfv
regkba --> qbrnbu : mxblx
state lmkmui <<fork>>
qbrnbu --> lmkmui : ftisv
state nufhxv <<join>>
lmkmui --> zovuuq : cits
zovuuq --> gxbquo : ufccx
gxbquo --> nufhxv : lhlqrsa
lmkmui --> irimqc : nhio
irimqc --> mmfegg : xgrke
mmfegg --> nufhxv : lkaevse
lmkmui --> fixrug : tcga
fixrug --> evjkgu : chsma
evjkgu --> okayrf : wrhlz
okayrf --> jvlsub : bgmqd
jvlsub --> nufhxv : xluwvge
state qzxewr <<fork>>
nufhxv --> qzxewr : ruqej
state xysfoi <<join>>
qzxewr --> chzlpd : mjbb
chzlpd --> xejlqk : zejzd
xejlqk --> vjucia : dyckd
vjucia --> awrpfn : hkwmr
awrpfn --> xysfoi : iroyrix
qzxewr --> jqqpnk : prmx
jqqpnk --> vlbqzm : gtsru
vlbqzm --> ojgqcu : rwpto
ojgqcu --> xysfoi : wruacao
xysfoi --> eqmlte : kkqfh
state kstmzv <<fork>>
eqmlte --> kstmzv : jcbnz
state oeddxj <<join>>
kstmzv --> sqcwzm : bgle
sqcwzm --> vtyily : uuwxl
vtyily --> feosrz : bbgis
feosrz --> oeddxj : rvogjea
kstmzv --> sbuqzs : kngw
sbuqzs --> trdron : gpjve
trdron --> oeddxj : jucggeg
@enduml