@startuml
state ctxffm
[*] --> ctxffm : qlmsz
ctxffm --> wkagbx : ucxdw
state tphkcj <<fork>>
wkagbx --> tphkcj : ahwtu
state younup <<join>>
tphkcj --> aryaac : axea
aryaac --> dnfvyh : vmszr
dnfvyh --> younup : yqqoffi
tphkcj --> hrstgz : rnxs
hrstgz --> lmsugz : yljdw
lmsugz --> ejuznk : wbtkl
ejuznk --> younup : eymgwak
tphkcj --> dbblcg : xohu
dbblcg --> gfavnc : kgtyv
gfavnc --> younup : kuccrph
younup --> ipjhkm : zjidg
ipjhkm --> ungwoe : pyogj
ungwoe --> lhqhxe : poibn
lhqhxe --> hosolu : dhndn
hosolu --> uododm : rvdep
uododm --> httrsu : ubaei
httrsu --> roywtz : qeqzq
state tipmzt <<fork>>
roywtz --> tipmzt : csuea
state bpfbsq <<join>>
tipmzt --> afemec : gzyn
afemec --> nexnae : eysus
nexnae --> bpfbsq : burxgat
tipmzt --> lyufqg : kmao
lyufqg --> msnuea : ryxee
msnuea --> kbboho : wyczr
kbboho --> auheho : nbjqk
auheho --> bpfbsq : sxgtwhf
tipmzt --> mpbjnl : gfde
mpbjnl --> pihkrd : arzwx
pihkrd --> oeuaon : pitmu
oeuaon --> bpfbsq : kpcrgcc
bpfbsq --> uhvdcq : gcsih
uhvdcq --> mokacm : mncbf
mokacm --> yniwfg : dnkqb
yniwfg --> hkaqci : adwix
@enduml