@startuml
state iwrixq
[*] --> iwrixq : forjm
iwrixq --> kgfkxj : gxlbl
kgfkxj --> lplyjz : yubne
lplyjz --> jdywhp : fshlh
state ihynlb <<choice>>
jdywhp --> ihynlb : miszx
ihynlb --> iihefo : wkaa
iihefo --> oustnk : bggcj
oustnk --> khbohs : yakfa
khbohs --> gqrlfl : ytwnvfh
ihynlb --> jqfibs : abie
jqfibs --> uyrlur : spbfk
uyrlur --> muzbmk : bqrgq
muzbmk --> gqrlfl : nrwsebt
ihynlb --> knnipg : kgko
knnipg --> dpznmj : elguo
dpznmj --> iqhvfh : tsste
iqhvfh --> gqrlfl : gyefjat
gqrlfl --> xgpmns : aeajw
xgpmns --> xomeds : gvgfk
state tcedwn <<choice>>
xomeds --> tcedwn : mbtxt
tcedwn --> yjcbqe : hwly
yjcbqe --> pumlwk : gqahs
pumlwk --> pveijl : eilgd
pveijl --> wydixc : vrrmk
wydixc --> pdkhay : wsjohfo
tcedwn --> wnvhkn : zciy
wnvhkn --> nubevu : rcdos
nubevu --> ggkgiq : aiyde
ggkgiq --> pdkhay : xheppte
tcedwn --> cpyvpo : kncr
cpyvpo --> wbyhdk : jidwb
wbyhdk --> wmmbkt : qtpfz
wmmbkt --> mcvddd : rkfxj
mcvddd --> pdkhay : bvjdwat
pdkhay --> yhhahy : orbdo
yhhahy --> kkdbeg : owxms
kkdbeg --> oafnlj : goabv
oafnlj --> nvured : xjsru
state tfxzlf <<choice>>
nvured --> tfxzlf : eanfm
tfxzlf --> knyxkd : djnz
knyxkd --> jeajpp : zvvbl
jeajpp --> tojzxn : ahdxa
tojzxn --> lbmlez : oeijjdc
tfxzlf --> jlfczp : szwr
jlfczp --> fjcylp : uuyeu
fjcylp --> nspqcw : bqlsb
nspqcw --> emwxsq : dkaks
emwxsq --> lbmlez : xbseezv
lbmlez --> [*] : elomm
@enduml