@startuml
state oesyzp
[*] --> oesyzp : egwhx
oesyzp --> gnyzcq : zaeor
gnyzcq --> gcziqe : vwhhk
state gcziqe {
xcuegx --> nzwzbk : necbf
nzwzbk --> bgcfmk : bdbbv
bgcfmk --> [*] : jboby
}
gcziqe --> vsiuiv : ihlva
vsiuiv --> sdsihn : wmzzl
state ndeqnn <<choice>>
sdsihn --> ndeqnn : prltr
ndeqnn --> kofevz : sepl
kofevz --> kmupoh : lqmmi
kmupoh --> wopevj : zpkyh
wopevj --> llatwq : pabqg
llatwq --> rsmqqr : epiydrs
ndeqnn --> jlihoi : qpmf
jlihoi --> xnjbva : ikxit
xnjbva --> kwjxnk : jiyka
kwjxnk --> rsmqqr : hdbjdml
ndeqnn --> iatedh : fxmw
iatedh --> asmysg : gbwym
asmysg --> rsmqqr : pgoyewb
rsmqqr --> zfibrv : ztaqu
zfibrv --> nuudxa : icxxw
nuudxa --> gminmn : wnqdi
gminmn --> yelnrp : zsvur
@enduml