@startuml
hide empty description
state ebgjrj
[*] --> ebgjrj : pvvne
ebgjrj --> gjypcx : zcsyz
gjypcx --> olqdnm : irbor
olqdnm --> akiycg : vmdmv
akiycg --> rxdbmk : nzmwc
rxdbmk --> gfvumv : xslch
gfvumv --> bjilap : milhm
bjilap --> ysdcrp : hoirb
ysdcrp --> yqgdcd : eeoat
state yqgdcd {
[*] --> oyufrg : xvoyh
oyufrg --> yrpmfx : ijnuj
yrpmfx --> tukhet : ivolf
tukhet --> [*] : aedog
}
yqgdcd --> lyqpgu : mwfya
state juujbu <<choice>>
lyqpgu --> juujbu : qesrt
juujbu --> kkvzec : atit
kkvzec --> nsaglf : rrbxh
nsaglf --> homerj : jltkiya
juujbu --> ifhmrv : kwgj
ifhmrv --> pmuamp : ioozn
pmuamp --> rzvson : lljuv
rzvson --> zrlfnp : zqbaq
zrlfnp --> homerj : nkiwpla
juujbu --> ayvyjq : rykz
ayvyjq --> rpvdcy : atcnx
rpvdcy --> fjrfjj : vuclj
fjrfjj --> homerj : xmfhinz
homerj --> ekhxnz : mwtcg
state ekhxnz {
[*] --> oqatpy : vtlfq
oqatpy --> pxiddx : hblim
pxiddx --> czzgoi : nplbz
czzgoi --> [*] : zbmlt
}
ekhxnz --> pitxoo : zgpxq
@enduml