@startuml
hide empty description
state eohfgb
eohfgb --> hdibmp : vsgly
hdibmp --> npypnp : skzud
npypnp --> dkiira : insdj
dkiira --> llngcu : fgduc
llngcu --> igteub : uecqz
state djiczj <<fork>>
igteub --> djiczj : jybgh
state rnrxlg <<join>>
djiczj --> knnouq : mvgx
knnouq --> ooeimd : jefym
ooeimd --> squrrk : wwoei
squrrk --> ptuvew : cpofy
ptuvew --> rnrxlg : phsffhb
djiczj --> jfqxiw : fycv
jfqxiw --> saiest : ujihy
saiest --> ijyzci : tamsi
ijyzci --> paymnd : kgsug
paymnd --> rnrxlg : dnelrla
djiczj --> oxlxxw : melj
oxlxxw --> xdscig : yaaan
xdscig --> wprzox : imyto
wprzox --> rnrxlg : lwebdfr
@enduml