@startuml
state ngrqeh
ngrqeh --> obqjab : qkats
obqjab --> ricnjc : zeyvl
ricnjc --> vkodem : wleui
vkodem --> vycsrc : djnsd
vycsrc --> siiwtz : lnwmn
siiwtz --> epnlvr : eglea
epnlvr --> ihhugt : ylmoa
ihhugt --> dqktbj : yziyb
state dqktbj {
sbkpbm --> ovqesw : qycfd
ovqesw --> [*] : yqtix
}
dqktbj --> ydijdk : alwok
ydijdk --> cdotsx : zzsdu
state tuekgi <<choice>>
cdotsx --> tuekgi : rdcpn
tuekgi --> vrgicr : dihg
vrgicr --> kcgtmz : wahnf
kcgtmz --> lanmai : lfzuc
lanmai --> jbbkwc : zvxfq
jbbkwc --> chplkd : yncmkxe
tuekgi --> wcfsla : awye
wcfsla --> wpeoei : thvea
wpeoei --> chplkd : yogitdk
chplkd --> nhaaxw : zokvq
nhaaxw --> lfgycs : qvjpj
lfgycs --> ugnmlw : zbnxs
ugnmlw --> vibumk : yyiyj
vibumk --> [*] : dfojp
@enduml