@startuml
hide empty description
state cnidom
[*] --> cnidom : sggit
cnidom --> vrycbo : rruow
vrycbo --> uigvwh : vasir
uigvwh --> pextea : kcrpa
state cgvafy <<fork>>
pextea --> cgvafy : oqsbw
state tjvggu <<join>>
cgvafy --> lymntm : hbkp
lymntm --> tkjwfv : hrwsi
tkjwfv --> ghkqsk : wadms
ghkqsk --> ydukwv : pbput
ydukwv --> tjvggu : yadwlvn
cgvafy --> qqquuu : tkze
qqquuu --> hgisbu : xwxwu
hgisbu --> ccrbtr : bprzx
ccrbtr --> tjvggu : vnxjflc
tjvggu --> swzurf : lqwmo
state edqypg <<fork>>
swzurf --> edqypg : odkwz
state botznj <<join>>
edqypg --> ivwmhh : bozt
ivwmhh --> qfzbfu : jyxct
qfzbfu --> dznchq : mwhgs
dznchq --> botznj : uetqdtt
edqypg --> ewgthv : rmjc
ewgthv --> drackn : gjkbl
drackn --> ynpwoj : vpjyf
ynpwoj --> botznj : wrxashp
edqypg --> cvxsii : gxge
cvxsii --> sjawnh : gselk
sjawnh --> botznj : caoxcow
botznj --> ygxowi : iepic
ygxowi --> twvwdd : yuujy
twvwdd --> [*] : nsbkz
@enduml