@startuml
state ogfhrb
[*] --> ogfhrb : llcgn
ogfhrb --> dwmcdu : fnqjq
state dwmcdu {
[*] --> jrours : tvciu
jrours --> veuapa : atonz
veuapa --> [*] : ulfvs
}
dwmcdu --> adetbr : kixgq
state krblwe <<choice>>
adetbr --> krblwe : roxxq
krblwe --> pfodrh : abft
pfodrh --> eenryj : mllac
eenryj --> nmcrqz : ncuxb
nmcrqz --> gcygav : wquxykl
krblwe --> qcocoz : skxf
qcocoz --> qgsskm : ptoxx
qgsskm --> rbizmh : sstoj
rbizmh --> gcygav : coolevu
krblwe --> elrxme : dpvd
elrxme --> qfbocc : hwzqc
qfbocc --> plklxf : woztu
plklxf --> gcygav : uragzav
gcygav --> svmdcx : ykfcy
svmdcx --> lgfaav : nawva
state lgfaav {
eqljqf --> wilyxh : bacvb
wilyxh --> [*] : ledac
}
@enduml