@startuml
state eoztyi
eoztyi --> odstzl : lbvxx
odstzl --> hfgsov : pavth
hfgsov --> zmnwmt : eptor
zmnwmt --> yiidvy : hvtea
yiidvy --> svrlvh : fejiu
state geoyja <<fork>>
svrlvh --> geoyja : kdyap
state pwekjq <<join>>
geoyja --> ohajay : qqxr
ohajay --> pvcybs : lfyag
pvcybs --> bftrli : sjmzo
bftrli --> aiglft : rrwdt
aiglft --> pwekjq : xvatytw
geoyja --> gspxyy : zceh
gspxyy --> qdnzxh : lrzjb
qdnzxh --> xullta : puasc
xullta --> iadfnz : eqvbp
iadfnz --> pwekjq : ixskytm
state hculpm <<fork>>
pwekjq --> hculpm : xlqxj
state abzgfw <<join>>
hculpm --> sufgul : hnll
sufgul --> qhpram : wervm
qhpram --> fgakco : njfju
fgakco --> abzgfw : faubedz
hculpm --> ohmizq : leqe
ohmizq --> iclryn : unuwz
iclryn --> abzgfw : suqeyui
state cjustk <<fork>>
abzgfw --> cjustk : kjnjy
state astamn <<join>>
cjustk --> kkyihm : lmer
kkyihm --> qtgsjd : hvxvq
qtgsjd --> astamn : nmrlmbq
cjustk --> yyyttw : slrb
yyyttw --> cihufa : dcmhs
cihufa --> bygmci : rxvhr
bygmci --> drckin : rwdkh
drckin --> astamn : dsbrket
cjustk --> iudpgy : kure
iudpgy --> hzufwh : vuxvi
hzufwh --> astamn : gnzvhbi
state zzljtr <<fork>>
astamn --> zzljtr : bjepd
state kwdjoi <<join>>
zzljtr --> jrogad : vdac
jrogad --> udacqy : bfaco
udacqy --> tugqok : kdagy
tugqok --> kwdjoi : cckswll
zzljtr --> kpsyca : woxm
kpsyca --> eqnitc : rhibk
eqnitc --> arskon : rjbpw
arskon --> wyinkz : pfmjc
wyinkz --> kwdjoi : ahmjlqw
kwdjoi --> qwcexz : gwhiy
qwcexz --> igigup : nriwg
@enduml