@startuml
state xyrsqj
[*] --> xyrsqj : hqnvs
state acqzbg <<fork>>
xyrsqj --> acqzbg : ynffq
state rgnqfv <<join>>
acqzbg --> mhndyp : bfra
mhndyp --> cmnsfi : flnla
cmnsfi --> abzuju : vucwa
abzuju --> rgnqfv : fhuwbsg
acqzbg --> aekhzc : hefu
aekhzc --> omkjty : oarnz
omkjty --> rgnqfv : fxkuyuj
acqzbg --> iayaxq : jljv
iayaxq --> srseef : ywgfn
srseef --> rgnqfv : tcquinr
state ihfjrl <<fork>>
rgnqfv --> ihfjrl : snlsw
state aznyei <<join>>
ihfjrl --> nvveki : tzdj
nvveki --> geedif : sbyrz
geedif --> afelgb : vpwbg
afelgb --> rxbkjo : rkhon
rxbkjo --> aznyei : votenkg
ihfjrl --> zoujtm : xpgu
zoujtm --> kwgegc : hasal
kwgegc --> ebnvqi : dacfn
ebnvqi --> aznyei : gbaputn
ihfjrl --> rrriky : amlm
rrriky --> glbzkp : hppvb
glbzkp --> aznyei : yuloazu
aznyei --> uzlwkl : jtznp
@enduml