@startuml
hide empty description
state ypfeow
[*] --> ypfeow : srafp
ypfeow --> gdbybs : dksed
gdbybs --> fndtgk : irkha
state hczgvc <<fork>>
fndtgk --> hczgvc : uvkhu
state rrnoru <<join>>
hczgvc --> fcokje : jykx
fcokje --> gwailj : ohkxc
gwailj --> rrnoru : apfhsmj
hczgvc --> xvusqa : jqvv
xvusqa --> kgoqoh : irooq
kgoqoh --> zmezox : pihdg
zmezox --> rrnoru : hdllcxd
state qpqvho <<fork>>
rrnoru --> qpqvho : hbcqn
state fjydjg <<join>>
qpqvho --> zqmkmz : wbie
zqmkmz --> yzmbkn : qzjrd
yzmbkn --> fjydjg : aakbizt
qpqvho --> srfeor : fiyz
srfeor --> ulnmyk : ndxma
ulnmyk --> vcitch : sgfpk
vcitch --> sgwzse : szavt
sgwzse --> fjydjg : mrqoqtw
qpqvho --> rgopqm : tdvn
rgopqm --> nwwxxm : tcrmo
nwwxxm --> tmwyud : soblj
tmwyud --> fjydjg : nxkacjj
fjydjg --> ybmqhi : vuawg
@enduml