@startuml
hide empty description
state wvcoig
[*] --> wvcoig : vltkv
wvcoig --> cknlvu : goyqs
state cknlvu {
llmdmj --> ixaayy : rhwbc
ixaayy --> jonhdc : cbvlb
jonhdc --> wdhtzj : embui
wdhtzj --> [*] : gylkm
}
state ynjbbv <<choice>>
cknlvu --> ynjbbv : crxko
ynjbbv --> ndjoke : fyeb
ndjoke --> yrvplr : fjemf
yrvplr --> numktv : pyxqhwa
ynjbbv --> jochmc : zgvf
jochmc --> deplem : okhhw
deplem --> numktv : xptmbgz
ynjbbv --> wekipn : xevv
wekipn --> iauzih : qlcuk
iauzih --> qjtoac : qilne
qjtoac --> oorvdw : tzzei
oorvdw --> numktv : acpsisa
numktv --> pegghj : dbmok
pegghj --> mjxwes : jscac
state mjxwes {
edjwee --> mhhxok : pvekt
mhhxok --> nvqwck : nlxnv
nvqwck --> kkyjqv : wvjqr
}
mjxwes --> dtxugu : frbqt
dtxugu --> dvtrac : pblux
dvtrac --> ztozie : zmege
ztozie --> ljizmc : ifyml
ljizmc --> xxixeg : hqzoi
@enduml