@startuml
state yjtqgk
state ycifof <<fork>>
yjtqgk --> ycifof : uaxsk
state wwmnom <<join>>
ycifof --> qqsukf : vote
qqsukf --> tvknqj : lyvxw
tvknqj --> wwmnom : ijuxeze
ycifof --> dkfxvb : uasy
dkfxvb --> ujrddy : omsjx
ujrddy --> ssyimh : aepin
ssyimh --> wqoyeg : zuhdx
wqoyeg --> wwmnom : xsmegie
wwmnom --> eqzbrc : stxnb
state glvkgj <<fork>>
eqzbrc --> glvkgj : gzill
state qypvku <<join>>
glvkgj --> xyyflm : hynb
xyyflm --> ykencc : suiqx
ykencc --> ocqetb : ubxpu
ocqetb --> oibjxc : chmbl
oibjxc --> qypvku : mcthpnu
glvkgj --> jgznjz : smla
jgznjz --> quktql : oumdq
quktql --> glxeno : kvpsy
glxeno --> jjvnay : sybdj
jjvnay --> qypvku : bdpdqmi
qypvku --> dxerec : pgznf
dxerec --> uciksc : hnxub
state uciksc {
[*] --> sesxav : eygty
sesxav --> stimzx : uraew
}
state qcezdk <<fork>>
uciksc --> qcezdk : dlwzp
state polvmu <<join>>
qcezdk --> clgkrl : josq
clgkrl --> kkpikq : snnsr
kkpikq --> polvmu : hreoooz
qcezdk --> bclknf : xipp
bclknf --> iktswv : texyc
iktswv --> rdnvhj : seniv
rdnvhj --> polvmu : ulgpdib
polvmu --> jnfbwg : fndzg
jnfbwg --> kzjbjw : zqnis
kzjbjw --> zkocfk : htane
state qkjocq <<choice>>
zkocfk --> qkjocq : agtbn
qkjocq --> iatiln : svzb
iatiln --> wkxwqg : mtroa
wkxwqg --> grrqjq : yvtxw
grrqjq --> otwdav : rjbxo
otwdav --> gcawes : uywjhqx
qkjocq --> lkwcle : bwgk
lkwcle --> iyillr : qofpm
iyillr --> ubtqfr : bkbhv
ubtqfr --> gcawes : msmzdrb
qkjocq --> vpxnjf : itoa
vpxnjf --> ohmqhy : rxqlr
ohmqhy --> ffiwob : uswlu
ffiwob --> qqcyqv : cvklt
qqcyqv --> gcawes : qqwurqs
gcawes --> ydetrf : xgsnc
ydetrf --> zcxlds : sfarw
@enduml