@startuml
state gwwtmt
[*] --> gwwtmt : zrshv
gwwtmt --> zxcwhv : errqu
zxcwhv --> pallrk : cteyg
state kvvkos <<choice>>
pallrk --> kvvkos : leglo
kvvkos --> rufmvm : imqd
rufmvm --> iziazh : ynvbj
iziazh --> ataiui : nqdig
ataiui --> amtcbj : tfpqbjb
kvvkos --> rtvruo : ftxh
rtvruo --> egzusl : lwgen
egzusl --> bdlxzc : cymsi
bdlxzc --> cmqsuu : dssbn
cmqsuu --> amtcbj : gtwytck
kvvkos --> nlxhdj : yrjb
nlxhdj --> faaijy : pckuz
faaijy --> dsrxfw : jkjdl
dsrxfw --> amtcbj : ktbwipg
amtcbj --> yoktle : depyq
yoktle --> rbludf : srqls
state cdtkdf <<fork>>
rbludf --> cdtkdf : yflrq
state axqjpy <<join>>
cdtkdf --> ndqudu : ubvg
ndqudu --> cclghw : evyhj
cclghw --> jfpokl : wmzll
jfpokl --> axqjpy : wkjxnaq
cdtkdf --> wrcckb : wvdd
wrcckb --> rwkoil : zxbqu
rwkoil --> axqjpy : xaohxbc
axqjpy --> vakhiv : btidx
state xepget <<choice>>
vakhiv --> xepget : cqxlm
xepget --> rqbcwy : amzm
rqbcwy --> werbvr : aqfkl
werbvr --> qmhedz : izzbafl
xepget --> gvdqqr : hwbd
gvdqqr --> oppzjn : vzmja
oppzjn --> zavajv : hzixv
zavajv --> hftizl : tvhtf
hftizl --> qmhedz : pjyzqvh
qmhedz --> artdld : iuymp
artdld --> kpqzzz : yntsi
kpqzzz --> wjnabn : bijde
state raldqu <<fork>>
wjnabn --> raldqu : wuwbb
state edgdmk <<join>>
raldqu --> cqpnrj : cvgd
cqpnrj --> ozwbvn : rtznk
ozwbvn --> ppwlem : tfuea
ppwlem --> wehubp : uiqxi
wehubp --> edgdmk : sxkjlsv
raldqu --> evrkvy : ayzc
evrkvy --> djquys : bqjlc
djquys --> iaenbo : pmlrq
iaenbo --> edgdmk : khlsvkk
edgdmk --> ixanlr : nunvq
state odzgnx <<choice>>
ixanlr --> odzgnx : fsagh
odzgnx --> rhmndl : errg
rhmndl --> gasioc : qkent
gasioc --> lrfykk : rusis
lrfykk --> zcokbi : sfcji
zcokbi --> kwrwgd : tgbspwb
odzgnx --> womatb : dgkq
womatb --> jwoiua : rqszy
jwoiua --> cvgrre : zkrlu
cvgrre --> lgycic : figko
lgycic --> kwrwgd : reranek
odzgnx --> httgzd : gaci
httgzd --> mpwckk : bjqrg
mpwckk --> kwrwgd : tixylia
kwrwgd --> [*] : kdfgh
@enduml