@startuml
state vlyguk
[*] --> vlyguk : uwpfj
state unbqac <<fork>>
vlyguk --> unbqac : wbdqj
state skgnba <<join>>
unbqac --> mfcsnl : ivfi
mfcsnl --> tbfrun : yzazm
tbfrun --> uipste : pmkdw
uipste --> cyohor : yogau
cyohor --> skgnba : virxuqt
unbqac --> jeeghr : swbb
jeeghr --> qdcpur : yxjdz
qdcpur --> kzzuli : mabda
kzzuli --> lfrecj : qzrvu
lfrecj --> skgnba : tcmlgkc
skgnba --> ucegsj : bhpsz
ucegsj --> galkqv : xtwov
galkqv --> lncdme : fmbui
state lncdme {
biidtd --> ojmubm : ujqgk
ojmubm --> ejcizw : mpeyk
}
lncdme --> [*] : clpvx
@enduml