@startuml
state mpmqcz
mpmqcz --> xbcddd : dlnrh
xbcddd --> medgck : rwcho
state medgck {
[*] --> ohwwnq : zqyhp
ohwwnq --> xmmrlw : fvjis
}
medgck --> ndwcbn : wznrr
ndwcbn --> nilcms : rjdgo
state zdnyxp <<fork>>
nilcms --> zdnyxp : urtto
state sbjcmu <<join>>
zdnyxp --> uumyqr : vwei
uumyqr --> pxrtbp : oyixu
pxrtbp --> krbjuz : dhrcf
krbjuz --> vatyiu : yzost
vatyiu --> sbjcmu : vlscxfe
zdnyxp --> rpwedj : cxry
rpwedj --> pwssgx : tqycp
pwssgx --> sbjcmu : vlqxalx
sbjcmu --> ywcgvm : xziqc
ywcgvm --> adauss : nhvok
adauss --> tsljag : ztsbu
tsljag --> wlqjdu : rtthb
wlqjdu --> ijiktw : lnxtq
@enduml