@startuml
hide empty description
state vydskt
[*] --> vydskt : rfbrg
state topdzo <<fork>>
vydskt --> topdzo : gcvwj
state tuaddt <<join>>
topdzo --> seiwss : udkq
seiwss --> qwczzo : yduga
qwczzo --> trucnh : isqkz
trucnh --> tuaddt : jbqbuir
topdzo --> xiptky : zngy
xiptky --> nmxtys : jbqyo
nmxtys --> tqvfpp : koouo
tqvfpp --> rsojfw : slyre
rsojfw --> tuaddt : pksrbid
topdzo --> xjdnml : lokr
xjdnml --> dvhsdt : yqwxw
dvhsdt --> kroxkj : bajxu
kroxkj --> tuaddt : btxgyjv
tuaddt --> ctawli : qhxlh
ctawli --> tqabrp : gdugy
tqabrp --> jgbtnj : rmhin
jgbtnj --> kxfugn : iemzi
state tfuowx <<choice>>
kxfugn --> tfuowx : jdsqc
tfuowx --> xckmbi : vaiv
xckmbi --> skgucl : czhdu
skgucl --> mhrvhs : jltlewq
tfuowx --> cpimmc : tqsw
cpimmc --> xqehwn : zynkj
xqehwn --> mhrvhs : pqhatbw
mhrvhs --> [*] : ctrbb
@enduml