@startuml
hide empty description
state hmbfmk
state tptijp <<fork>>
hmbfmk --> tptijp : kvmve
state tqpaka <<join>>
tptijp --> qthrok : wjab
qthrok --> fuozkk : msqqy
fuozkk --> brmvfy : akzbh
brmvfy --> xeifye : rlssc
xeifye --> tqpaka : crlwtzc
tptijp --> leqogu : zpev
leqogu --> xatfnc : vqbkl
xatfnc --> nypnrb : xsmvo
nypnrb --> tqpaka : ikwzxjp
tqpaka --> rxygdq : morrn
rxygdq --> bgbncy : wwmcl
bgbncy --> ffcdyu : pyink
ffcdyu --> qqsjil : stuag
qqsjil --> wkxeya : riitk
state ndjroa <<choice>>
wkxeya --> ndjroa : ucaue
ndjroa --> vixwom : slmt
vixwom --> byuuld : dlbcu
byuuld --> zeduet : xosaelz
ndjroa --> cwqphz : jevu
cwqphz --> cwrajm : ylmuu
cwrajm --> orvcdt : wlnkl
orvcdt --> mkeoas : ctieo
mkeoas --> zeduet : cyvnmgo
zeduet --> [*] : ohjte
@enduml