@startuml
hide empty description
state gfcmhn
gfcmhn --> dihdct : tskmj
state dihdct {
[*] --> ilgsix : qgqcn
ilgsix --> zvkpfj : smozj
zvkpfj --> lvveql : tdvnr
lvveql --> zjtxpo : dxjbj
}
dihdct --> yepxwl : kklut
yepxwl --> ulbuja : svuha
ulbuja --> awxobe : ermun
state alypxi <<choice>>
awxobe --> alypxi : dsxti
alypxi --> evjyue : rrrz
evjyue --> hdnsww : ahpyh
hdnsww --> dmedvy : ozkcm
dmedvy --> boncyi : tvick
boncyi --> tidoes : uqshvje
alypxi --> sypxzw : vdqh
sypxzw --> lubzui : fmcbn
lubzui --> ijhmei : xcvsx
ijhmei --> hpobac : gonyf
hpobac --> tidoes : fliazxh
alypxi --> jgrrbu : kxic
jgrrbu --> jesaml : tmdly
jesaml --> wwkfea : psich
wwkfea --> tidoes : ucqnxzm
tidoes --> ykszel : jsdcu
state jiahii <<choice>>
ykszel --> jiahii : xxdhp
jiahii --> exezhb : fivy
exezhb --> tchgtp : cbvwk
tchgtp --> mhpycm : yyrug
mhpycm --> cgjnhh : reyke
cgjnhh --> nfasnj : frgtebl
jiahii --> fsspof : knrx
fsspof --> izjzdf : iexjh
izjzdf --> iemhxb : judfl
iemhxb --> niehzb : pquej
niehzb --> nfasnj : pwkpend
nfasnj --> gjctso : vmpki
gjctso --> sofbab : abwcs
sofbab --> cphhpp : bsnvo
cphhpp --> vbarcj : sjmpl
state vbarcj {
[*] --> pzdusd : smxqo
pzdusd --> yhumhr : itfog
yhumhr --> icerhe : kwcuy
icerhe --> [*] : ljsij
}
vbarcj --> rgwzcs : ensmn
@enduml