@startuml
state pzbqbh
pzbqbh --> gddtfy : majzw
gddtfy --> zwvnom : okbos
zwvnom --> qgytcb : regft
qgytcb --> ljlwlv : hgabn
ljlwlv --> zxvfea : oncmh
state vlzqdv <<choice>>
zxvfea --> vlzqdv : cqgya
vlzqdv --> ebfsbh : hhnh
ebfsbh --> wwjmuu : zlyfk
wwjmuu --> cigvua : kjnqstm
vlzqdv --> rgcavs : nbfl
rgcavs --> vmorhg : bmndl
vmorhg --> dxvqkq : ugncx
dxvqkq --> cigvua : ylygbdl
vlzqdv --> pwujjj : ibxq
pwujjj --> rbultt : fwqxk
rbultt --> cigvua : eejiitx
state xlepxm <<choice>>
cigvua --> xlepxm : taybt
xlepxm --> otibjz : stno
otibjz --> ockycj : mngol
ockycj --> cokdxm : efzrz
cokdxm --> jlveoa : rbwudfd
xlepxm --> acdhle : kvqu
acdhle --> rjaguc : cscuu
rjaguc --> jlveoa : arncycd
xlepxm --> xrykxo : xxfz
xrykxo --> aohyfu : ftioq
aohyfu --> padtve : xayls
padtve --> xqzbyj : sucnh
xqzbyj --> jlveoa : gcgytsl
state keylnw <<fork>>
jlveoa --> keylnw : niamc
state xpfpnd <<join>>
keylnw --> uejuzb : eusb
uejuzb --> zrjysg : ahnls
zrjysg --> uxtxoi : ztxep
uxtxoi --> nogzsz : wjrhl
nogzsz --> xpfpnd : fcjystb
keylnw --> vhtdsb : bwiz
vhtdsb --> uhghbe : icceh
uhghbe --> gfuepk : ktsxx
gfuepk --> xpfpnd : ososldf
keylnw --> gofyfp : ccnw
gofyfp --> vamdmq : gfxpo
vamdmq --> nbfzxz : lxdhv
nbfzxz --> ribgde : emztm
ribgde --> xpfpnd : jolyzdi
xpfpnd --> xuzbqj : djxqe
xuzbqj --> jsljxx : jsvut
jsljxx --> cregei : edfea
cregei --> fuoutm : wauob
fuoutm --> wlwgae : aqlti
wlwgae --> omymlc : qjoqc
omymlc --> tgashd : kybjh
tgashd --> nanshj : gobgl
@enduml