@startuml
hide empty description
state wpqhqo
[*] --> wpqhqo : eupun
wpqhqo --> lizdrb : olpky
lizdrb --> rhyqjt : yslio
rhyqjt --> tdvvjc : pkjhi
tdvvjc --> yekoem : vrxxt
yekoem --> iatoel : nbkew
iatoel --> ytxbsx : tddln
ytxbsx --> coglqb : welqv
coglqb --> efokhr : zztcr
state xnjrxr <<choice>>
efokhr --> xnjrxr : jdxde
xnjrxr --> aqbhuy : xawq
aqbhuy --> kyudvj : rcxeu
kyudvj --> xxtcrp : qqiie
xxtcrp --> emlneb : dzvca
emlneb --> nrmfja : nziizxf
xnjrxr --> oqmjip : tohy
oqmjip --> zhrywo : mjdfa
zhrywo --> hqemvt : fbdog
hqemvt --> nrmfja : sdsuexf
xnjrxr --> ivhofh : flmk
ivhofh --> gefcme : gbsla
gefcme --> kedkog : yujao
kedkog --> tmcswo : nloru
tmcswo --> nrmfja : eyojxpc
nrmfja --> xyxojx : bzpfv
xyxojx --> zmgmvp : hhtkl
zmgmvp --> [*] : sqltg
@enduml