@startuml
hide empty description
state jddvlk
[*] --> jddvlk : aczbp
jddvlk --> tbjyhu : rfunt
state rnpcoo <<fork>>
tbjyhu --> rnpcoo : ztmjm
state zqjciz <<join>>
rnpcoo --> vrddgd : xfhh
vrddgd --> bxiwga : dltli
bxiwga --> gfxyvo : ejjyj
gfxyvo --> zqjciz : vwpowrl
rnpcoo --> eclwoa : zvbd
eclwoa --> qgikue : qnwby
qgikue --> zqjciz : zgxcagz
rnpcoo --> zvshlv : fens
zvshlv --> paolfv : ifaao
paolfv --> zqjciz : vduresb
zqjciz --> xnrnyh : azira
state jizpkz <<fork>>
xnrnyh --> jizpkz : eufuw
state bpxwkb <<join>>
jizpkz --> bvygdy : offb
bvygdy --> xrepam : qhtkh
xrepam --> eqchid : rddfe
eqchid --> ezjmie : diyrl
ezjmie --> bpxwkb : xznvjgq
jizpkz --> ztkjxn : tvfl
ztkjxn --> yfrdha : qiwyf
yfrdha --> usojeg : upbtt
usojeg --> hbgrfp : inugc
hbgrfp --> bpxwkb : uerbzej
jizpkz --> xwetbq : dtxp
xwetbq --> fsjtxv : zmsfx
fsjtxv --> bpxwkb : syuryve
bpxwkb --> mlrvvl : ixhaq
mlrvvl --> hvscyj : sddfy
state adnbno <<fork>>
hvscyj --> adnbno : htaey
state eqspft <<join>>
adnbno --> pztjxy : kfyn
pztjxy --> tgioyr : hrgqt
tgioyr --> cycitu : wpjzv
cycitu --> eqspft : zcpigyh
adnbno --> isgvbo : yosd
isgvbo --> aesukz : egnze
aesukz --> eqspft : uxggfes
adnbno --> enjqwb : kveu
enjqwb --> focdhp : jplmj
focdhp --> rdqlqy : bcule
rdqlqy --> xbgoxr : detbw
xbgoxr --> eqspft : fohbtmt
eqspft --> ezkghz : jpbxs
ezkghz --> agzzma : bigqf
state qvgfkn <<fork>>
agzzma --> qvgfkn : stkfj
state qxicgy <<join>>
qvgfkn --> kcmxgq : igwk
kcmxgq --> ajuzhc : uoiod
ajuzhc --> jdniyp : mtxlh
jdniyp --> qxicgy : ladcwvn
qvgfkn --> ryejfq : mduh
ryejfq --> zqyssy : ewajy
zqyssy --> djgrxr : tiwou
djgrxr --> rnsohw : tgsdy
rnsohw --> qxicgy : ugzjcgr
qxicgy --> kxnfio : kvthx
kxnfio --> fwsjbx : ebgph
fwsjbx --> dwzhqy : jquti
dwzhqy --> mvsfag : ehmtq
mvsfag --> yddngc : zjbzs
yddngc --> zenufr : kpfeb
zenufr --> [*] : tnlmf
@enduml