@startuml
state gubnsq
[*] --> gubnsq : ausha
gubnsq --> gjytnk : vkjip
gjytnk --> divbhj : etlwz
divbhj --> mqdkyr : oqxwp
state mqdkyr {
[*] --> sazyko : huwrs
sazyko --> nchsff : zodoh
nchsff --> ynbvqs : bqvqf
ynbvqs --> ovzkbu : niovj
}
state zbsyjw <<fork>>
mqdkyr --> zbsyjw : mhfoe
state laomxq <<join>>
zbsyjw --> hqrqup : fwiw
hqrqup --> dyfqob : ctmis
dyfqob --> laomxq : ltmpjdy
zbsyjw --> byonoq : qhpx
byonoq --> jjixmb : atiyd
jjixmb --> rtkanb : qddjz
rtkanb --> kejykm : paatl
kejykm --> laomxq : yfaawhj
laomxq --> zpwasg : qukuw
zpwasg --> omtbpa : ffnjw
omtbpa --> kzezpc : sobxq
kzezpc --> htwwbo : nxjdz
htwwbo --> vvqvrg : azkpr
vvqvrg --> fzxsdd : ptnhq
fzxsdd --> dnajkd : eseqq
dnajkd --> [*] : segqf
@enduml