@startuml
hide empty description
state jlyiml
[*] --> jlyiml : rynge
state bmtgzx <<choice>>
jlyiml --> bmtgzx : hsuta
bmtgzx --> mpkvcx : lqla
mpkvcx --> atcggf : rhjcq
atcggf --> ihizsi : filzg
ihizsi --> aozgde : jdhlo
aozgde --> lsfyms : idvcuux
bmtgzx --> ybegak : ledg
ybegak --> egqvau : pccaz
egqvau --> hrqycq : fvlwc
hrqycq --> lsfyms : odnhxpw
lsfyms --> tvwgmy : ukapm
tvwgmy --> urwlql : abliw
state ncmkpy <<choice>>
urwlql --> ncmkpy : klmfr
ncmkpy --> vgzygz : bavx
vgzygz --> xiltii : mcoqj
xiltii --> fryziu : ncjyubv
ncmkpy --> anzpwa : rbgq
anzpwa --> mcdmlx : byxok
mcdmlx --> fryziu : xntkuxg
ncmkpy --> igxybo : uple
igxybo --> yeribr : bikrp
yeribr --> fryziu : zbobfwu
state ofnpva <<choice>>
fryziu --> ofnpva : ybrkm
ofnpva --> agkfuy : ikvm
agkfuy --> jnjcek : iupzu
jnjcek --> saspbn : klgld
saspbn --> uqbuvo : aezrn
uqbuvo --> wvqajr : tglijeq
ofnpva --> xqykpq : pjux
xqykpq --> cylweo : kozot
cylweo --> dfwwts : aygxx
dfwwts --> wvqajr : bpksywv
ofnpva --> vzefmx : ygmp
vzefmx --> mtaopk : fosgy
mtaopk --> tpivkl : mujwy
tpivkl --> wvqajr : dkohumo
wvqajr --> wwmohh : udznj
wwmohh --> eylcsn : uuagd
eylcsn --> bbttyg : pwgne
bbttyg --> luedyi : jmnzf
luedyi --> trdgjo : fafnv
trdgjo --> zbuhvn : taehc
zbuhvn --> dgxizt : wwsfj
dgxizt --> othyki : edvej
othyki --> hihush : zxdgh
hihush --> qgbxxj : kxech
qgbxxj --> [*] : knoqf
@enduml