@startuml
hide empty description
state pvjduo
[*] --> pvjduo : ubtsw
pvjduo --> uylpkw : hwubv
uylpkw --> vsabya : cfskm
vsabya --> vmrvgh : hncye
vmrvgh --> wslejo : cmkvo
state zvsaqb <<choice>>
wslejo --> zvsaqb : bzjes
zvsaqb --> zvfgyt : ybci
zvfgyt --> yhybzx : dekbj
yhybzx --> kamcsi : mbcvwfg
zvsaqb --> itidyk : xtzx
itidyk --> wsyfiu : btkwr
wsyfiu --> kamcsi : tsmbfsh
zvsaqb --> ymeula : fwry
ymeula --> wfqhwo : iabhf
wfqhwo --> mpunlq : eidrn
mpunlq --> kamcsi : jnovvld
kamcsi --> qoohuo : hrmbj
qoohuo --> [*] : rjvoo
@enduml