@startuml
hide empty description
state ymcvyb
ymcvyb --> vezyut : hafxj
vezyut --> osplfr : zhjsc
osplfr --> earvbx : oewuo
earvbx --> vdgimh : egioc
vdgimh --> vdvtro : xctot
vdvtro --> pahvro : hrjrh
pahvro --> bjccwm : eycja
state vlpcgp <<fork>>
bjccwm --> vlpcgp : qgqgb
state mesieu <<join>>
vlpcgp --> xatebx : ycef
xatebx --> xdjpff : lrucf
xdjpff --> upykyl : qttap
upykyl --> tkkojc : rhaez
tkkojc --> mesieu : lmcmeyi
vlpcgp --> bsgkvd : qpyl
bsgkvd --> uwrbkf : nobpt
uwrbkf --> ansfad : klnru
ansfad --> mesieu : iadgsux
vlpcgp --> gvbmyc : hent
gvbmyc --> gqcrfb : dibqs
gqcrfb --> ofejwi : xqcsh
ofejwi --> mesieu : hsiuyxf
mesieu --> rcpzmz : yshbf
rcpzmz --> wkxqjo : ggxuy
wkxqjo --> zbafro : aligt
zbafro --> krpyzf : qdtjm
krpyzf --> bksiax : mspyj
bksiax --> ftfbmv : fgmgn
ftfbmv --> qdmcpa : dvlyt
qdmcpa --> bzaszf : xztya
@enduml