@startuml
state nvltqo
[*] --> nvltqo : rvacv
nvltqo --> dszzwz : tmlaf
dszzwz --> gjsvke : adste
gjsvke --> syufjb : kpper
syufjb --> bxmfxm : pkbeb
bxmfxm --> buziaa : lecxa
buziaa --> alfxhl : chrda
state mszqsj <<choice>>
alfxhl --> mszqsj : iwbit
mszqsj --> tseeax : jwka
tseeax --> layljp : obqzq
layljp --> mxijyh : vzooy
mxijyh --> oxgakb : fkxbwje
mszqsj --> gfflmb : dxjg
gfflmb --> vseozv : fawuv
vseozv --> kffxjo : zqbga
kffxjo --> oxgakb : ywanjno
oxgakb --> zefzfh : szvuc
state zefzfh {
ntcvgj --> wydabf : fkjks
}
zefzfh --> xzinzf : toheb
xzinzf --> vswbwz : tcssg
vswbwz --> dnxatj : zmywg
dnxatj --> [*] : zllpa
@enduml