@startuml
state smqnef
smqnef --> yaaatj : fzowp
state hsojxs <<choice>>
yaaatj --> hsojxs : akyvc
hsojxs --> swyyzm : ugqi
swyyzm --> nfeagn : dtygo
nfeagn --> unudmz : faxbv
unudmz --> jthfvl : jyqfpfg
hsojxs --> puiduj : gpfj
puiduj --> pgezmy : mnksk
pgezmy --> kltltu : kyxaw
kltltu --> jthfvl : dkikjpy
hsojxs --> abeymr : xnhe
abeymr --> hmmcni : zplal
hmmcni --> jthfvl : uszrazw
jthfvl --> ijtlwq : vfohy
ijtlwq --> xmpkrv : ucoum
xmpkrv --> gnepdt : evruw
gnepdt --> yzkdrj : qpfwy
yzkdrj --> rqcqmj : wgcak
rqcqmj --> hurcjr : quvvx
hurcjr --> ckqtec : rprrc
ckqtec --> zftfho : qpqnh
zftfho --> wjaoct : sictb
wjaoct --> erpqai : opjar
erpqai --> [*] : gtsgt
@enduml