@startuml
state uighwf
[*] --> uighwf : goagn
uighwf --> llyaol : xrflg
llyaol --> kdrsex : leoad
state ertgbi <<choice>>
kdrsex --> ertgbi : qazml
ertgbi --> fyqdjt : xddn
fyqdjt --> xsoets : iihem
xsoets --> nkenzs : plwar
nkenzs --> pgzakw : dnjyvei
ertgbi --> czeycu : cxse
czeycu --> tkptpa : uxxor
tkptpa --> pgzakw : allwbof
ertgbi --> bktihl : qhif
bktihl --> woxije : mkphq
woxije --> pgzakw : mkyrxzq
pgzakw --> jxvqlx : lvams
state kllvwv <<choice>>
jxvqlx --> kllvwv : vylfv
kllvwv --> umidgw : hemc
umidgw --> tzaboq : wxjvs
tzaboq --> malcom : leenuat
kllvwv --> zquktx : jlgf
zquktx --> ncdhaq : ziewd
ncdhaq --> rsozuu : nnuda
rsozuu --> asczwh : duerl
asczwh --> malcom : gqzihul
malcom --> coxpzu : egcvr
coxpzu --> crnbji : urnmd
state mfxubf <<choice>>
crnbji --> mfxubf : xqxmw
mfxubf --> qpixka : rqkq
qpixka --> rdkekm : rkgno
rdkekm --> kbyxsq : gstgd
kbyxsq --> kgcdoy : llmaf
kgcdoy --> evnyvj : rlfvphb
mfxubf --> pgccml : yjrs
pgccml --> qnzmnn : nriki
qnzmnn --> rjgiva : fvela
rjgiva --> zmsosj : iotrw
zmsosj --> evnyvj : colwrtz
mfxubf --> pjkubr : xogd
pjkubr --> omsbau : wrlbl
omsbau --> aolfyt : tfnfz
aolfyt --> rsyghx : yutoi
rsyghx --> evnyvj : yifkrkc
evnyvj --> fmxqkw : txnjr
fmxqkw --> ulfcof : tkotv
ulfcof --> rmuwqx : frpng
rmuwqx --> uhclek : xgaoa
uhclek --> abfmid : urtdi
abfmid --> jndjnv : dypbo
jndjnv --> jwpslr : tzaaf
state jwpslr {
noxdpu --> iwrmoi : zipin
}
@enduml