@startuml
hide empty description
state tzvyaq
[*] --> tzvyaq : wzvtz
tzvyaq --> ccdctk : ogyue
state ccdctk {
[*] --> johfig : vkyog
johfig --> sncbai : uhzhl
sncbai --> eyqfis : kgasf
}
state hlavzs <<choice>>
ccdctk --> hlavzs : dlloc
hlavzs --> pbkutl : beeh
pbkutl --> xhvftp : zlqvz
xhvftp --> vjidgm : mpnlq
vjidgm --> erzful : zznjver
hlavzs --> vvocop : nqav
vvocop --> lomlrt : hhsfs
lomlrt --> erzful : bupzmwk
hlavzs --> ggfybx : dbuj
ggfybx --> xovzwf : syouw
xovzwf --> dkbhzj : rrzcc
dkbhzj --> fwmren : halqc
fwmren --> erzful : vorbzvq
erzful --> gernsw : igofo
state gernsw {
ndfifw --> vldfja : fhjsl
vldfja --> ngfnam : tlupb
ngfnam --> [*] : eejnk
}
@enduml