@startuml
state nihpmq
[*] --> nihpmq : htubv
nihpmq --> ihxtbe : isvpk
state idfnde <<choice>>
ihxtbe --> idfnde : shfin
idfnde --> lzffxt : izmo
lzffxt --> zgzwkc : fntgy
zgzwkc --> yfpidf : vkraorg
idfnde --> kzufoj : ncms
kzufoj --> kyladu : ywupb
kyladu --> fqcxfr : xkctr
fqcxfr --> yfpidf : yqueooj
idfnde --> hrkjnq : ybos
hrkjnq --> btsrjz : docap
btsrjz --> ywpbqj : qfdlx
ywpbqj --> yfpidf : hijiyhc
yfpidf --> mjdyrr : bcyck
mjdyrr --> etuecq : taqup
state armlqz <<fork>>
etuecq --> armlqz : xhriq
state xapuvi <<join>>
armlqz --> wfxlqr : xtnf
wfxlqr --> kphebt : jpabj
kphebt --> wiipfw : jaoxn
wiipfw --> uiofpd : tfjvh
uiofpd --> xapuvi : zxcsjqf
armlqz --> ddwpzl : tttt
ddwpzl --> ekvgak : dcocy
ekvgak --> xapuvi : koqghrc
xapuvi --> lludku : gxwkn
lludku --> bfrexu : uambc
bfrexu --> ydwxck : xicyp
@enduml