@startuml
state hudlik
[*] --> hudlik : ogvbh
state widmxg <<fork>>
hudlik --> widmxg : avpes
state wiybzz <<join>>
widmxg --> tgmlva : iflb
tgmlva --> hmgwuk : wdwly
hmgwuk --> jwivnl : vvyih
jwivnl --> ceeyxo : zmbmd
ceeyxo --> wiybzz : xlpdgjk
widmxg --> yqaehf : jeoi
yqaehf --> vddphv : snyvu
vddphv --> kkjzia : pqacj
kkjzia --> dnzuqs : zkvoh
dnzuqs --> wiybzz : tbhyqgc
widmxg --> umorck : xxwy
umorck --> qnrjtm : oxbfs
qnrjtm --> wiybzz : exheekw
wiybzz --> dfzzzo : rsdov
dfzzzo --> nlmfiy : nsdfp
nlmfiy --> udzsfo : hkaps
udzsfo --> gorqnt : vektd
gorqnt --> npdwzh : scjqz
npdwzh --> arqizs : hlkmq
arqizs --> zpkuwl : xcvej
zpkuwl --> qwyjac : ftzbo
qwyjac --> rmjfjk : ygpiq
rmjfjk --> [*] : qtech
@enduml