@startuml
state tyzhyd
[*] --> tyzhyd : zxqbz
state ggelkx <<choice>>
tyzhyd --> ggelkx : qpkgn
ggelkx --> cujhgm : txck
cujhgm --> akvdhd : thwqo
akvdhd --> gfatrh : wjlsb
gfatrh --> ecbcvz : xbxpcjn
ggelkx --> kobict : vdek
kobict --> pplirj : somvx
pplirj --> hejlvn : wumkw
hejlvn --> aaojpg : xhzac
aaojpg --> ecbcvz : wfkicyy
ggelkx --> nenwlc : cnqi
nenwlc --> fzssuu : ztssg
fzssuu --> ecbcvz : mtaxbvf
ecbcvz --> pzhxkh : sdvuu
pzhxkh --> vcmujv : ybxqt
state vcmujv {
[*] --> jbbver : hhkkz
jbbver --> awfebc : uggfn
awfebc --> xjnrnh : khimx
xjnrnh --> xstgcm : ihpep
xstgcm --> [*] : askjy
}
state uivhwd <<fork>>
vcmujv --> uivhwd : ltxrc
state aoekob <<join>>
uivhwd --> jdylpr : sekq
jdylpr --> rteelm : fcjsf
rteelm --> aoekob : stznmcu
uivhwd --> qnlbpr : pjme
qnlbpr --> ierpxw : gywna
ierpxw --> cxfpoz : wczit
cxfpoz --> msyoag : yrqrp
msyoag --> aoekob : mavqgqw
aoekob --> eizxeb : bzghe
eizxeb --> gnigma : wvtnz
state dpctkv <<fork>>
gnigma --> dpctkv : ydxcs
state uelgep <<join>>
dpctkv --> knpfkt : fdhg
knpfkt --> bvhzue : wkxtz
bvhzue --> uelgep : hunqzjr
dpctkv --> kedrrf : nstp
kedrrf --> omfgha : yrnip
omfgha --> ccgthq : zsyrq
ccgthq --> ybokma : yopbz
ybokma --> uelgep : pdsoqcm
dpctkv --> smkhcb : lwmx
smkhcb --> pdiaib : xgmet
pdiaib --> vacgsl : oxosz
vacgsl --> uelgep : kahcwox
uelgep --> tyvrqx : bcigl
tyvrqx --> odpinj : ouhwm
odpinj --> maluda : dszuf
maluda --> mgizhi : hsdwv
state mgizhi {
[*] --> gmdhtk : tmzlw
gmdhtk --> wccubz : kpsdv
wccubz --> sncczr : zssgs
}
mgizhi --> rygjks : umycr
@enduml