@startuml
state wpgqds
wpgqds --> ykmsnc : hgcxg
ykmsnc --> cievkq : vngif
state cievkq {
[*] --> wjjdjn : mqryc
wjjdjn --> jsnqxg : vqzjq
jsnqxg --> [*] : ijznp
}
cievkq --> xfnwqh : gagvw
xfnwqh --> jipknb : pwxvz
jipknb --> lvhfdz : vojyz
state rjdtjw <<fork>>
lvhfdz --> rjdtjw : fmypy
state wdvcha <<join>>
rjdtjw --> dczqvd : tdof
dczqvd --> vjsxyb : txrzu
vjsxyb --> hokxwe : mwhkh
hokxwe --> wdvcha : rtgcwgz
rjdtjw --> gyojqr : avrh
gyojqr --> rmlcjs : luvvq
rmlcjs --> aqhtbm : sdzxw
aqhtbm --> hohqiz : xnifz
hohqiz --> wdvcha : gleardf
rjdtjw --> mrwiym : nldg
mrwiym --> jvfeum : ughxo
jvfeum --> dvryxh : rofhm
dvryxh --> sdxeie : mcves
sdxeie --> wdvcha : rwrgdnf
wdvcha --> uwhdqd : hxlzk
@enduml