@startuml
hide empty description
state xpxyui
[*] --> xpxyui : adryu
xpxyui --> ascqiq : pglak
ascqiq --> jmqthi : gpjip
state jmqthi {
cbunwa --> jjtcom : momlp
jjtcom --> urjctl : aneyw
}
state lcyopu <<choice>>
jmqthi --> lcyopu : ofrbi
lcyopu --> nfmghp : eioe
nfmghp --> zpusfc : zszrh
zpusfc --> nwunja : tsyrh
nwunja --> tqnwky : oiqzt
tqnwky --> yqarly : weepccw
lcyopu --> ejbixy : vixk
ejbixy --> zhkqnj : nqcqc
zhkqnj --> stgljg : buazm
stgljg --> yqarly : iuduvpd
lcyopu --> xsutag : dkry
xsutag --> wansdh : emxcp
wansdh --> beybjd : uxmga
beybjd --> yqarly : pspgaab
yqarly --> [*] : vatsi
@enduml