@startuml
hide empty description
state etjtun
[*] --> etjtun : paqaf
etjtun --> xfswbo : thrqk
state yergqj <<fork>>
xfswbo --> yergqj : qqlae
state xqnrkl <<join>>
yergqj --> aemlde : fzbx
aemlde --> yfdqge : jdvnv
yfdqge --> ocsldo : wpqja
ocsldo --> alfhwl : emcbf
alfhwl --> xqnrkl : qtiiqbo
yergqj --> xsddof : btzc
xsddof --> ueaefv : wramh
ueaefv --> moatuj : plwgu
moatuj --> xqnrkl : dcwvtdk
yergqj --> bmblns : przt
bmblns --> cedren : kfhxx
cedren --> lkcdgv : kvcnh
lkcdgv --> yvadbu : vfrwx
yvadbu --> xqnrkl : sjztfss
xqnrkl --> nzmxfp : xnrjo
nzmxfp --> jfrzbl : zjbbz
jfrzbl --> cydcws : qhmpq
cydcws --> wthovp : iwfbt
@enduml