@startuml
state ezzmfq
[*] --> ezzmfq : bonnd
ezzmfq --> qwpvdt : onnfq
state uugovf <<fork>>
qwpvdt --> uugovf : ozoba
state zgfgov <<join>>
uugovf --> gukbeh : aqox
gukbeh --> azrcrh : qcqkj
azrcrh --> tudlyw : ubokv
tudlyw --> clcvbl : vvsuw
clcvbl --> zgfgov : perwpbm
uugovf --> fhgoxc : yonx
fhgoxc --> kedbro : jdxao
kedbro --> vuwolm : gsabp
vuwolm --> zgfgov : uhfabnd
uugovf --> fnpndb : pkyp
fnpndb --> zizazl : smclu
zizazl --> qxxcat : gosqf
qxxcat --> zgfgov : qiuceou
zgfgov --> yoxhoa : gdxyk
state albelz <<choice>>
yoxhoa --> albelz : eouqz
albelz --> jeyvqo : otba
jeyvqo --> vzwjvn : wxcgs
vzwjvn --> vasccq : yeuua
vasccq --> iqnazv : ngiwk
iqnazv --> lrhvia : lwrqvje
albelz --> yhwodv : njhs
yhwodv --> trlxcj : eswgx
trlxcj --> kpytwz : ngpyk
kpytwz --> lrhvia : sikwkln
@enduml