@startuml
hide empty description
state wxubjm
[*] --> wxubjm : haztu
state iknjwd <<fork>>
wxubjm --> iknjwd : urusn
state edjbdr <<join>>
iknjwd --> lifbod : puan
lifbod --> hmufnt : oobyc
hmufnt --> edjbdr : jlzewrk
iknjwd --> ilikxd : bxgv
ilikxd --> yaknug : rtgwd
yaknug --> yltpka : vpwtw
yltpka --> edjbdr : fzwocjt
iknjwd --> ydlwxd : wxid
ydlwxd --> rjntyz : mylav
rjntyz --> rkzbgv : hlqhz
rkzbgv --> lxmlgy : hjkal
lxmlgy --> edjbdr : yinbnup
state olztgw <<fork>>
edjbdr --> olztgw : ylsel
state yfgdko <<join>>
olztgw --> fufanx : blvi
fufanx --> ewpche : rqian
ewpche --> pprxim : hcglv
pprxim --> yfgdko : mprdxbu
olztgw --> fjpxvv : qgvl
fjpxvv --> bhmxhn : vodef
bhmxhn --> ymrxbv : fxrlq
ymrxbv --> yfgdko : ipkwvhh
olztgw --> firjvw : myqh
firjvw --> ofxsad : siodv
ofxsad --> gybdnv : jswrm
gybdnv --> sntdmo : cmzdg
sntdmo --> yfgdko : lbyhzoj
yfgdko --> gfgbzw : jjvuk
gfgbzw --> zqqruj : kzfmk
zqqruj --> dyxcrf : jfcnr
dyxcrf --> uovlcp : uclbf
uovlcp --> zrggeb : kiedu
zrggeb --> dtsjnr : ebpns
dtsjnr --> jexgln : uowjr
@enduml