@startuml
state xxkozz
state tptoit <<fork>>
xxkozz --> tptoit : esltj
state tsvorq <<join>>
tptoit --> awtzhx : heew
awtzhx --> esyxmx : fpwjh
esyxmx --> kqqgvi : vvrot
kqqgvi --> tsvorq : jkrlvbz
tptoit --> wdvbop : yegv
wdvbop --> loktpm : mxanl
loktpm --> ybgcej : qnsej
ybgcej --> wogkib : vzorg
wogkib --> tsvorq : gznwkbb
tsvorq --> patwfl : lhjxp
patwfl --> obisaf : lphtn
obisaf --> tmpwsk : xpzur
state jwnlym <<fork>>
tmpwsk --> jwnlym : bjhuj
state xyesnn <<join>>
jwnlym --> guxmhb : dtdt
guxmhb --> tjmnaf : gcrix
tjmnaf --> qspyld : pytpg
qspyld --> xyesnn : qdrgnix
jwnlym --> dyvbth : ktlf
dyvbth --> ouiaov : vgkca
ouiaov --> xyesnn : wdinzly
jwnlym --> asdglu : pawr
asdglu --> izrwjp : gtwcq
izrwjp --> wrgcno : youdm
wrgcno --> xyesnn : xawujpk
xyesnn --> lhirms : munzu
@enduml