@startuml
state ngswyc
ngswyc --> phoqrw : ciceo
phoqrw --> imvatz : dgtgg
imvatz --> iisdgg : cmaop
state ofmfqq <<fork>>
iisdgg --> ofmfqq : arjyc
state rmefta <<join>>
ofmfqq --> fmmcle : tnlx
fmmcle --> czlmry : dkehq
czlmry --> ccolqg : liuog
ccolqg --> fireuy : yzgqn
fireuy --> rmefta : dbqwznx
ofmfqq --> dqojha : bsdw
dqojha --> iqbzep : azgdh
iqbzep --> bjowmh : nvcnu
bjowmh --> kxxncm : emvji
kxxncm --> rmefta : hmaafyj
ofmfqq --> smevwl : ydqv
smevwl --> ncofwi : ldzwf
ncofwi --> rmefta : hvkwuzu
rmefta --> bogomv : xqwbh
bogomv --> csfveu : edwqn
csfveu --> rphfgp : nxzck
rphfgp --> mbcjqd : evvrh
mbcjqd --> yyrmia : yttml
state yyrmia {
[*] --> nqvhfj : lboev
nqvhfj --> hxdjjq : wbejd
}
yyrmia --> lybusg : jjwzq
state lybusg {
[*] --> idwfvi : qzohu
idwfvi --> pinvuw : grssp
pinvuw --> vltwoh : cfaay
}
state sunfgp <<fork>>
lybusg --> sunfgp : kvnob
state qnwkmf <<join>>
sunfgp --> cxerwv : fysg
cxerwv --> eogdzc : kwoee
eogdzc --> qnwkmf : kiwctuf
sunfgp --> amsill : npnq
amsill --> oclvxx : aones
oclvxx --> qnwkmf : balzcsi
sunfgp --> zixpyl : rrcb
zixpyl --> wccpkk : bkuhp
wccpkk --> helpmg : ntjae
helpmg --> rbjcig : mahhp
rbjcig --> qnwkmf : udniutw
qnwkmf --> [*] : rumbi
@enduml