@startuml
hide empty description
state nvkxgd
[*] --> nvkxgd : czdik
nvkxgd --> brdryz : regpm
brdryz --> nuisrt : ekuca
nuisrt --> sxjkat : iisbq
state xjidfg <<fork>>
sxjkat --> xjidfg : xpmcz
state nkkxix <<join>>
xjidfg --> nunenh : fzgu
nunenh --> mkxfgo : inhdu
mkxfgo --> nkkxix : fukrmgd
xjidfg --> tobzgh : ydyy
tobzgh --> qqcwsr : lacid
qqcwsr --> snqsir : cfsut
snqsir --> qlijrd : cpzna
qlijrd --> nkkxix : llhxyfl
nkkxix --> jlkywu : bbera
jlkywu --> cjafnm : jisza
cjafnm --> vyuffw : leccm
vyuffw --> khsqnc : dajro
khsqnc --> gqxcee : azpja
state gqxcee {
[*] --> qdhfcv : szmnq
qdhfcv --> pewpkf : lettu
pewpkf --> xqyuse : edbnc
xqyuse --> rqkilz : ypnto
rqkilz --> [*] : idcxh
}
gqxcee --> htbkyl : irbms
htbkyl --> rhqafm : rrogb
rhqafm --> suclae : grzed
suclae --> dxzzwc : vauzu
dxzzwc --> kslcck : qgvyn
@enduml