@startuml
hide empty description
state sfvybw
[*] --> sfvybw : kxery
sfvybw --> hsaqwa : sozbe
hsaqwa --> nlsjnn : iagxt
state oicrdj <<choice>>
nlsjnn --> oicrdj : gdlov
oicrdj --> rqoqat : pmka
rqoqat --> bonbrh : wiraj
bonbrh --> tybrft : nbfii
tybrft --> pfmytv : btxii
pfmytv --> vbfaqu : orzjmpy
oicrdj --> ciiszm : apmb
ciiszm --> ifxsbb : gcdlq
ifxsbb --> jtwzfb : aynmr
jtwzfb --> xxsjby : suhxo
xxsjby --> vbfaqu : exwnhco
vbfaqu --> qyfmss : smwuc
qyfmss --> zjjkwu : bgooa
state zjjkwu {
kwjyak --> xhxpof : xtpzt
}
state wpinsz <<choice>>
zjjkwu --> wpinsz : fhllf
wpinsz --> coveky : ndxq
coveky --> cvfitx : wwjox
cvfitx --> wmpmmr : pzuiu
wmpmmr --> bzisso : adiavif
wpinsz --> amdkqs : evei
amdkqs --> yvuavp : hdkbk
yvuavp --> bzisso : uiivsih
wpinsz --> bhxibk : bhry
bhxibk --> javukl : qfeko
javukl --> pzcxod : dpupr
pzcxod --> bzisso : pfrsgau
bzisso --> pcqapc : yqdhs
pcqapc --> ylugjj : boxkt
state ylugjj {
[*] --> hcsybb : evldp
hcsybb --> kaxlmt : spsrt
}
ylugjj --> qbqiey : mawrl
qbqiey --> rrxnel : xxlrb
state cdvuom <<fork>>
rrxnel --> cdvuom : vlntu
state tgcqrd <<join>>
cdvuom --> jgqnuk : avgl
jgqnuk --> mrbhjx : qndlm
mrbhjx --> tgcqrd : dvkaggr
cdvuom --> bqzprr : cpmx
bqzprr --> cekhzz : wvaiw
cekhzz --> xmgkei : ypfsx
xmgkei --> jtotns : vkfry
jtotns --> tgcqrd : dxrozdp
cdvuom --> attnmo : lnbl
attnmo --> zrkldn : yatme
zrkldn --> lcyrab : qvsxm
lcyrab --> rvlapi : tfkgg
rvlapi --> tgcqrd : arinuka
tgcqrd --> rfdskx : ivnhu
rfdskx --> wdszhj : tjhkt
wdszhj --> bdqxlw : avhtt
bdqxlw --> [*] : mvdww
@enduml