@startuml
hide empty description
state jrcujw
[*] --> jrcujw : iibfc
jrcujw --> wkflbn : sdbmf
wkflbn --> tnxeeg : vwwth
tnxeeg --> yyrqrt : nqbnq
yyrqrt --> lqhkte : cayol
lqhkte --> easazf : uabgh
state qwckcz <<choice>>
easazf --> qwckcz : yjffj
qwckcz --> qqgrqy : ihrr
qqgrqy --> thpaxh : wkddi
thpaxh --> wcbqhn : idzgyhn
qwckcz --> igyeqk : bvhy
igyeqk --> eevdbx : koqxa
eevdbx --> drqpqk : usudl
drqpqk --> wcbqhn : fcnwuxl
qwckcz --> lcrdhw : xyiq
lcrdhw --> vwiwqf : bxgxb
vwiwqf --> fmwdeu : xutgj
fmwdeu --> wcbqhn : cftlycj
wcbqhn --> [*] : dmjds
@enduml