@startuml
state bidjva
[*] --> bidjva : lmdhe
bidjva --> atfyks : ahsuh
atfyks --> eemvzx : uwcbh
state zieuxo <<choice>>
eemvzx --> zieuxo : uzywu
zieuxo --> gmxqvk : wmch
gmxqvk --> xefesa : lgxiq
xefesa --> fxdgwg : vzqvzzc
zieuxo --> ptcbpn : ndzm
ptcbpn --> lcrsxr : qnsia
lcrsxr --> udggfe : caget
udggfe --> qyrpbz : kwdky
qyrpbz --> fxdgwg : jaqbjqu
zieuxo --> qmpjvl : hyzd
qmpjvl --> noamdk : kddxo
noamdk --> fxdgwg : fawrfwm
fxdgwg --> xbnbkg : arsyk
xbnbkg --> kjwsce : nfzgl
kjwsce --> axjvxs : jepyh
axjvxs --> gexjhx : pocrc
state ljqfmq <<choice>>
gexjhx --> ljqfmq : eruuf
ljqfmq --> srbcml : uybp
srbcml --> gahbft : qicql
gahbft --> jwjfwx : xbcuuer
ljqfmq --> wyvtkw : pagm
wyvtkw --> uqdtks : pxmat
uqdtks --> ezprtt : ghjlg
ezprtt --> lmajhg : artaa
lmajhg --> jwjfwx : mgtvity
jwjfwx --> jowrza : jwctv
state jdfqam <<choice>>
jowrza --> jdfqam : dviad
jdfqam --> pinvlp : zceh
pinvlp --> gwhuhb : pzlyz
gwhuhb --> xfpzsr : eyalu
xfpzsr --> vhsjzl : oezrx
vhsjzl --> nibbnk : pgfngky
jdfqam --> snjccu : ehfd
snjccu --> pbekxt : nhgbd
pbekxt --> nibbnk : ekvvzcc
nibbnk --> ubnctf : tnzrv
ubnctf --> uxqqjk : mzsud
state uxqqjk {
qwptxd --> kzwlrd : brbaw
kzwlrd --> kysmdk : awzsk
kysmdk --> [*] : mylgz
}
uxqqjk --> syykfl : lvumi
state icisxr <<fork>>
syykfl --> icisxr : wuoyz
state jvjhfv <<join>>
icisxr --> ljvxoa : jvli
ljvxoa --> bmydxw : jhqpr
bmydxw --> jvjhfv : gucsdel
icisxr --> kjkxbu : zfsc
kjkxbu --> nkumga : qwphp
nkumga --> lqxqfy : svvdl
lqxqfy --> jvjhfv : nfxmneh
jvjhfv --> [*] : lebdf
@enduml