@startuml
state diqayx
diqayx --> xguanu : eurux
xguanu --> boblgk : mgorx
boblgk --> wzasxz : olsse
wzasxz --> ocviua : dsxpn
state ocviua {
[*] --> idyeln : lwxps
idyeln --> hwucym : vinvv
hwucym --> [*] : xymng
}
state txjnzm <<fork>>
ocviua --> txjnzm : coiap
state eanefo <<join>>
txjnzm --> fmkavh : aakc
fmkavh --> kxtpau : nfrfr
kxtpau --> dqkvhq : xmngp
dqkvhq --> nmopap : jpflu
nmopap --> eanefo : xwkpeuk
txjnzm --> rglpvv : pffw
rglpvv --> earmnz : ofepv
earmnz --> eanefo : holnotd
eanefo --> mtigat : jluyw
mtigat --> komtcq : khvkg
komtcq --> ahsvpp : prnso
ahsvpp --> gwzdgn : fagnw
gwzdgn --> [*] : jobog
@enduml