@startuml
hide empty description
state gwhsaf
gwhsaf --> okfhws : rtpaf
okfhws --> hcdfqn : kimun
hcdfqn --> fdyrtm : xvfrn
fdyrtm --> jjrwod : wkalz
state jjrwod {
[*] --> kdhvbs : iswpf
kdhvbs --> wmxaiv : kdwks
}
state qrkekq <<fork>>
jjrwod --> qrkekq : cfdyq
state gufrst <<join>>
qrkekq --> agmdwi : cksz
agmdwi --> axecjt : wbfwz
axecjt --> gufrst : fcmghuf
qrkekq --> ggrhuw : jagv
ggrhuw --> muuaxh : miqbc
muuaxh --> gufrst : ecbntym
gufrst --> fizdpo : fzigw
state fizdpo {
sornvo --> lvysxw : ytyby
lvysxw --> sjadog : zjzgv
sjadog --> [*] : alpxa
}
state aqvhpj <<choice>>
fizdpo --> aqvhpj : voqjw
aqvhpj --> hmarpm : jici
hmarpm --> qrysrf : pbtlj
qrysrf --> axsyfd : zeikgbd
aqvhpj --> kcqakc : xeij
kcqakc --> kuxtyw : ebreu
kuxtyw --> sevksx : yscvg
sevksx --> axsyfd : jaqoich
aqvhpj --> mqptul : kzka
mqptul --> ekwjsv : hekwy
ekwjsv --> axsyfd : tqpkqtd
@enduml