@startuml
state nwudrq
nwudrq --> icgttj : ektyu
icgttj --> nrwpsn : nycwi
nrwpsn --> amtdvm : wiukk
amtdvm --> rbrfru : emtlv
state rbrfru {
xsfara --> iqfrwm : pcdzv
iqfrwm --> [*] : baewg
}
rbrfru --> ocyluk : xiiim
state ptraok <<choice>>
ocyluk --> ptraok : ohbwv
ptraok --> qsxkfq : vdep
qsxkfq --> wvhrsk : eryko
wvhrsk --> vymkzv : cqkdguj
ptraok --> vxuiqx : glii
vxuiqx --> zhnizh : vbcbv
zhnizh --> vymkzv : ahcgbmx
ptraok --> mfmbpp : vrwi
mfmbpp --> sgiymy : mwllq
sgiymy --> vymkzv : dltwdwl
vymkzv --> dgldcj : fxbdz
dgldcj --> pazzux : ewxxu
state pazzux {
xlqpax --> lorgnf : nkzgv
}
pazzux --> [*] : sotjj
@enduml