@startuml
state zyeasx
[*] --> zyeasx : opgnr
zyeasx --> zfdedj : ulvfu
state cuhhxa <<choice>>
zfdedj --> cuhhxa : evcgw
cuhhxa --> gszuwx : przg
gszuwx --> uhster : iytls
uhster --> yibsty : lpsce
yibsty --> sbvwym : ytxez
sbvwym --> nqvwgd : ybgpqdy
cuhhxa --> wegrtb : iuxq
wegrtb --> barkgl : hvuif
barkgl --> fdmrhn : gkzmt
fdmrhn --> ahsomw : jcvsi
ahsomw --> nqvwgd : xixkgwt
cuhhxa --> rvvdeg : kezl
rvvdeg --> mafzvy : kqgce
mafzvy --> enrdgz : pvnxm
enrdgz --> rnhdvb : lfkyq
rnhdvb --> nqvwgd : wwiifhc
nqvwgd --> vxdcee : jutlo
vxdcee --> zncaxx : rlkss
zncaxx --> nixcyd : tcgka
nixcyd --> dkqocd : yyxqe
state qhtjxh <<choice>>
dkqocd --> qhtjxh : wxbfo
qhtjxh --> exqszb : xcke
exqszb --> qamlgl : gcwqh
qamlgl --> hiizbf : ihpasgj
qhtjxh --> oclqea : amko
oclqea --> eecmce : xwgeh
eecmce --> hiizbf : gbhgfuw
qhtjxh --> rdieoc : zvtn
rdieoc --> vlrndy : fmxwx
vlrndy --> qazeom : xykzr
qazeom --> kddupa : uihqb
kddupa --> hiizbf : pxkjoxy
hiizbf --> pouxon : hdgyr
pouxon --> zrpolx : javxo
zrpolx --> ehhfll : ggqor
@enduml