@startuml
hide empty description
state rvlofm
[*] --> rvlofm : hhkue
rvlofm --> cwssvp : hgvrs
cwssvp --> itkqay : uldxm
itkqay --> cmdqxp : zjddv
state hczfck <<choice>>
cmdqxp --> hczfck : fliif
hczfck --> dqdmqr : zupt
dqdmqr --> xtcaoq : oadge
xtcaoq --> emeyhb : ujhva
emeyhb --> swywvn : kcmob
swywvn --> zyqsrj : mxmmxkf
hczfck --> pdukqd : pohr
pdukqd --> frmelx : owfxy
frmelx --> judhxb : koosk
judhxb --> pjmpuk : fqnmq
pjmpuk --> zyqsrj : yruvkwz
zyqsrj --> rnvuap : ypqmq
state mixquv <<choice>>
rnvuap --> mixquv : mgklr
mixquv --> ddnpjk : iqtb
ddnpjk --> dmcqwr : cporl
dmcqwr --> vozjfe : yxaeuzx
mixquv --> evfybq : lopa
evfybq --> damgms : vwint
damgms --> vozjfe : ztxhtmv
mixquv --> jkcayn : juyx
jkcayn --> fowwws : nvqea
fowwws --> vvzkyx : mwavo
vvzkyx --> vozjfe : jmjqwgj
vozjfe --> [*] : eqvnp
@enduml