@startuml
hide empty description
state lvgiwa
lvgiwa --> lslawe : qkokk
lslawe --> cyaete : zjrat
state cyaete {
[*] --> qxpkro : osghk
qxpkro --> xhtjwa : xebkm
xhtjwa --> kstitz : ckiyg
kstitz --> [*] : yufet
}
cyaete --> gkumlq : xcnho
gkumlq --> jefvcf : qbscg
jefvcf --> qbgtfy : jjucp
qbgtfy --> ceksox : zuzcr
ceksox --> nxgjzx : cestl
nxgjzx --> mygiop : asleo
mygiop --> aljcou : qnzvv
aljcou --> sbjtvf : crwew
sbjtvf --> qywzuz : nlfku
qywzuz --> qgwxkb : qwdkg
qgwxkb --> oqcpdy : bsilc
oqcpdy --> teutef : jrpqj
state teutef {
eshkjo --> gzrcov : txxhj
gzrcov --> jvrnkp : lgojt
jvrnkp --> [*] : chemf
}
state yoyjmp <<choice>>
teutef --> yoyjmp : qtmaz
yoyjmp --> tybmkc : vulc
tybmkc --> udaiuy : gtpvg
udaiuy --> oagyyn : dmioa
oagyyn --> wqrwgz : rufvknr
yoyjmp --> avywjd : svdh
avywjd --> mxgmyr : gykpi
mxgmyr --> wqrwgz : zxowfih
yoyjmp --> euccnx : biqn
euccnx --> apwakm : nhcrn
apwakm --> fybhwy : fmqtd
fybhwy --> vwpmps : ipofw
vwpmps --> wqrwgz : yeqwhsv
wqrwgz --> [*] : icmjp
@enduml