@startuml
state luhqcn
[*] --> luhqcn : ztiso
luhqcn --> kxenia : vvbxa
kxenia --> vdvkst : asulo
vdvkst --> sycwpw : hoksz
sycwpw --> pgfmwq : krkuu
state pjvmmf <<fork>>
pgfmwq --> pjvmmf : gomte
state pkwibr <<join>>
pjvmmf --> puhqgj : vrld
puhqgj --> gzjtck : owtgk
gzjtck --> pqokhi : elwhd
pqokhi --> pkwibr : lccppvy
pjvmmf --> owdxkp : adpy
owdxkp --> ygowei : tparv
ygowei --> yvllmx : zgftp
yvllmx --> tsoqlp : ybvof
tsoqlp --> pkwibr : teeuzoy
pkwibr --> elabig : mvzbr
elabig --> sflbkf : ozxhc
sflbkf --> btdnee : lucuk
btdnee --> icocdu : vsjmq
icocdu --> [*] : hmwyp
@enduml