@startuml
state ncbsbo
[*] --> ncbsbo : eftag
ncbsbo --> qfkpct : ewdkz
state qnduaq <<choice>>
qfkpct --> qnduaq : peuiu
qnduaq --> ipbnpw : gbps
ipbnpw --> bcwgfe : ibxul
bcwgfe --> tftjdn : lscpkvz
qnduaq --> jplcpg : bfxq
jplcpg --> opklnr : xryst
opklnr --> tpahyg : hxwur
tpahyg --> psdmlk : eyofh
psdmlk --> tftjdn : jotgaib
qnduaq --> zlsiud : kzfo
zlsiud --> ruvppz : jwpff
ruvppz --> ylwwsh : jlfsz
ylwwsh --> apdiqw : qsrfr
apdiqw --> tftjdn : dgqhilb
tftjdn --> sjsuae : nhdvf
sjsuae --> mvezkk : wxszv
mvezkk --> cpdmbm : zkjbq
cpdmbm --> lzjdix : ivcsn
lzjdix --> [*] : whlox
@enduml