@startuml
hide empty description
state vweioq
[*] --> vweioq : vfxnk
vweioq --> onczsa : gktkt
onczsa --> syzfmf : evnth
syzfmf --> rngivr : jguup
rngivr --> sfmjcz : xaghq
sfmjcz --> inughj : tsvwy
inughj --> wzhrek : gcaze
state eyodmj <<fork>>
wzhrek --> eyodmj : hwcpw
state xxhdsk <<join>>
eyodmj --> screqr : myzv
screqr --> wgnqvk : oxjas
wgnqvk --> eugybg : hfotz
eugybg --> xxhdsk : jtnlezi
eyodmj --> orvnsm : etdd
orvnsm --> hvlogg : zytse
hvlogg --> lzilxn : djkxe
lzilxn --> yjrvbf : trseq
yjrvbf --> xxhdsk : cftuams
@enduml