@startuml
state tjlncv
[*] --> tjlncv : lrsnl
tjlncv --> rbpiqr : faatx
rbpiqr --> sidyuo : dttgg
sidyuo --> xtkjds : pvnue
xtkjds --> lhmssv : dbphk
state jqvesa <<choice>>
lhmssv --> jqvesa : tnmhh
jqvesa --> rlxzvv : msjl
rlxzvv --> hbqudh : wobgs
hbqudh --> ezmqcj : jnxlzkz
jqvesa --> jfytyn : noho
jfytyn --> bwpgah : vuutl
bwpgah --> mqywab : imxhc
mqywab --> ezmqcj : hwptzgs
jqvesa --> nxlpyq : miou
nxlpyq --> abvwkh : zqozi
abvwkh --> ezmqcj : vovsljb
ezmqcj --> clysxs : eufhg
clysxs --> zaehud : wongu
zaehud --> gviudn : gbcgy
gviudn --> cmuffj : lpvey
cmuffj --> [*] : nhnmh
@enduml