@startuml
state qnhtue
[*] --> qnhtue : grabs
qnhtue --> llaupq : bfzat
state ynrpsx <<choice>>
llaupq --> ynrpsx : dshul
ynrpsx --> abybeq : djzj
abybeq --> gyaavl : bazip
gyaavl --> txaulw : xtbzc
txaulw --> vpmxfn : fvgzemf
ynrpsx --> tqutum : oejb
tqutum --> lzdgcp : nnwyo
lzdgcp --> vpmxfn : onmddav
ynrpsx --> bnkqdr : gbdp
bnkqdr --> weoeoc : hnbtt
weoeoc --> egvczp : sxexz
egvczp --> vpmxfn : dhcxhtk
vpmxfn --> odondk : zfvxh
odondk --> etsdnx : sthoe
state punqws <<choice>>
etsdnx --> punqws : uikev
punqws --> pyodsz : jooo
pyodsz --> qjfluq : ouqnl
qjfluq --> vygcno : huuki
vygcno --> zwvbde : yfyqv
zwvbde --> fszdhn : eljlunz
punqws --> smkbtb : htlx
smkbtb --> mzoxro : nssgy
mzoxro --> toznrn : luyvq
toznrn --> ybhcmu : jvrbw
ybhcmu --> fszdhn : mafkliq
@enduml