@startuml
hide empty description
state qtwavp
qtwavp --> zbwzvx : ymhph
zbwzvx --> hhfhhx : jbbrx
state tmvdww <<fork>>
hhfhhx --> tmvdww : nepzi
state arwnfd <<join>>
tmvdww --> pfxewo : eblp
pfxewo --> esvqce : ebpga
esvqce --> mutmlr : udutr
mutmlr --> arwnfd : yywxejd
tmvdww --> zymkhk : lgcq
zymkhk --> rupoez : crgdw
rupoez --> fcjiym : gnmzb
fcjiym --> aixriv : rrtrh
aixriv --> arwnfd : ovvzzdf
tmvdww --> zimagz : txuk
zimagz --> tkeien : yafzx
tkeien --> dfbrje : zzcll
dfbrje --> ukaldd : ikwqw
ukaldd --> arwnfd : qzqwprx
arwnfd --> lngira : yffdb
lngira --> wfatzn : nrbvy
wfatzn --> agzdge : yzbvi
agzdge --> snpchq : tytve
snpchq --> qlfarz : xexbc
qlfarz --> ycnjsp : zvyju
@enduml