@startuml
state ydwgil
[*] --> ydwgil : csnqv
ydwgil --> lmfhiy : tkjjw
lmfhiy --> rljcag : dljyz
rljcag --> osjykt : rtydi
state hbzuiu <<choice>>
osjykt --> hbzuiu : nlple
hbzuiu --> jlymlg : mhqi
jlymlg --> kuvbth : djcth
kuvbth --> shvpzi : jvvxw
shvpzi --> eaxmbm : rctmouc
hbzuiu --> chqaaj : nwtv
chqaaj --> zbvqsu : nyplw
zbvqsu --> deftkt : zumps
deftkt --> eaxmbm : wlsexgw
eaxmbm --> aujqrw : rspcq
aujqrw --> ujursb : fjbum
state xrrwmw <<fork>>
ujursb --> xrrwmw : oyabn
state reaevz <<join>>
xrrwmw --> idzlan : wdrj
idzlan --> qyqalr : qatzp
qyqalr --> nepdkv : ojyxf
nepdkv --> vllzyk : kvmao
vllzyk --> reaevz : kaeyftc
xrrwmw --> zynmyr : udyl
zynmyr --> xtzvbn : zskbp
xtzvbn --> reaevz : oqjnchx
xrrwmw --> gmcsxp : ungx
gmcsxp --> isugvd : myllz
isugvd --> oyonuo : nhbae
oyonuo --> pvsfsg : gbnyu
pvsfsg --> reaevz : dnrrldg
reaevz --> semxei : naztv
@enduml