@startuml
state ondrkb
[*] --> ondrkb : rorsc
ondrkb --> cuwmjo : gddyf
state nrqguw <<choice>>
cuwmjo --> nrqguw : vtsnp
nrqguw --> cafkdz : jbso
cafkdz --> tfzppr : cfzgg
tfzppr --> kiryji : txwdh
kiryji --> wevomm : cyvoa
wevomm --> ddpiur : lhoexfu
nrqguw --> zlatsi : nwap
zlatsi --> zrvwwm : mmmea
zrvwwm --> kudvzf : xlmjy
kudvzf --> ozabxr : kffol
ozabxr --> ddpiur : mhzhxol
nrqguw --> nyqhxf : bdiy
nyqhxf --> aaetil : ailxh
aaetil --> isbwan : joflf
isbwan --> xsynds : psbzg
xsynds --> ddpiur : wzigvve
ddpiur --> elzpuf : zgcnk
elzpuf --> gdezvi : pgkmg
state kictyh <<fork>>
gdezvi --> kictyh : ytxjr
state vspsex <<join>>
kictyh --> lgqyzj : emvi
lgqyzj --> vpjays : auxhm
vpjays --> vspsex : qjnkscl
kictyh --> ggivjl : bxpb
ggivjl --> mmnrnq : ulomn
mmnrnq --> obvroo : airti
obvroo --> vspsex : xehnwgr
state zkjxuo <<fork>>
vspsex --> zkjxuo : qdztv
state ojixra <<join>>
zkjxuo --> qbxlmk : rcxg
qbxlmk --> qpgzdu : omuej
qpgzdu --> ojixra : pqsxodj
zkjxuo --> qycaeg : zpcg
qycaeg --> jbwcus : llari
jbwcus --> qsktey : brjtj
qsktey --> ojixra : qtavtzm
zkjxuo --> rjfqll : dfzr
rjfqll --> zpgyto : muopr
zpgyto --> lbzgsx : hfshv
lbzgsx --> tbfrnn : mtary
tbfrnn --> ojixra : rlhjedn
ojixra --> rdhouc : oovyg
rdhouc --> ytfujn : hbubt
ytfujn --> tgszon : bkkej
state eagujs <<fork>>
tgszon --> eagujs : zxcde
state kqpdag <<join>>
eagujs --> jpbbgd : dscc
jpbbgd --> olbsjy : qzmct
olbsjy --> jddckp : qynoe
jddckp --> kqpdag : lpncugd
eagujs --> aljcwv : wimg
aljcwv --> ricdad : jnepo
ricdad --> qucvmh : haudg
qucvmh --> kqpdag : tbcxiay
eagujs --> rfeedc : ydnf
rfeedc --> qjqhfh : pwvwp
qjqhfh --> kqpdag : eydcbiv
kqpdag --> [*] : hlwpb
@enduml