@startuml
hide empty description
state sxqrzg
sxqrzg --> uytizm : nksuo
uytizm --> ixbttx : xuthj
ixbttx --> iwbdbv : fihvl
iwbdbv --> hlkvzf : hbjog
state hlkvzf {
[*] --> hqloan : xgpqe
hqloan --> ymalrw : msbtj
ymalrw --> tneyua : usszi
tneyua --> [*] : dtjnv
}
hlkvzf --> xyxdfk : tyusv
xyxdfk --> izrjnj : ueklf
state izrjnj {
skkpnn --> qlbsfn : nzwwm
}
state udasmu <<choice>>
izrjnj --> udasmu : rofhb
udasmu --> lxklkl : omdx
lxklkl --> tbodrr : yfubz
tbodrr --> lwnyyb : zcjlvbr
udasmu --> mkxsho : msdi
mkxsho --> qzwzst : xkdnj
qzwzst --> dwfuop : mlylo
dwfuop --> lwnyyb : vetglug
udasmu --> vtwuio : qkzp
vtwuio --> jaxcti : yjjxr
jaxcti --> lwnyyb : iguisgb
lwnyyb --> bgshzz : qhqat
bgshzz --> rtnuji : lclck
@enduml