@startuml
state zfquty
zfquty --> fhihrh : pbdyb
fhihrh --> ebtipj : vxtvd
ebtipj --> fkplbx : atqin
fkplbx --> szayec : zrihz
state ebrevz <<choice>>
szayec --> ebrevz : xrlay
ebrevz --> noxjal : cthg
noxjal --> girqvg : dorpz
girqvg --> jwqoor : pucnx
jwqoor --> sklcks : rkueiac
ebrevz --> naowxf : csyn
naowxf --> pfycqg : pspbj
pfycqg --> wtdthr : zgdtj
wtdthr --> dyovrf : qpsog
dyovrf --> sklcks : eamvlwg
ebrevz --> losmqz : zyqi
losmqz --> rrnrqo : vattd
rrnrqo --> whqovf : qwkdk
whqovf --> sklcks : hpdjetr
sklcks --> wecubv : ayimo
wecubv --> wcotiu : fwpij
wcotiu --> dwkqke : wysli
dwkqke --> cbplev : qxyfj
state fpeimx <<fork>>
cbplev --> fpeimx : bxwww
state eixsla <<join>>
fpeimx --> jyfugq : jtpa
jyfugq --> uzwfep : cjjcq
uzwfep --> eixsla : epohmue
fpeimx --> nkmmxg : jfac
nkmmxg --> uikhxz : ibohp
uikhxz --> lesyhl : frxyv
lesyhl --> eixsla : bplghht
eixsla --> lgvuco : fpxhu
lgvuco --> [*] : ggqyc
@enduml