@startuml
state xjcemm
state vcvvjf <<choice>>
xjcemm --> vcvvjf : hnfdq
vcvvjf --> unhuan : yfxa
unhuan --> uolupv : ykifn
uolupv --> njacqm : fbayn
njacqm --> hjgimg : rumal
hjgimg --> ytnizr : mbubbyg
vcvvjf --> ddcfua : uemi
ddcfua --> hcjgch : quuej
hcjgch --> ytnizr : iconnxj
ytnizr --> wwekix : tvnih
wwekix --> trrfre : sxsyc
trrfre --> sxwhck : nsrri
sxwhck --> wkhwhu : wuryn
wkhwhu --> pwgoja : iuxri
pwgoja --> knvnfy : pqjvl
knvnfy --> ytbjec : yktrp
ytbjec --> xrblwf : jioah
xrblwf --> xkebxz : jousb
xkebxz --> equnhz : jeerp
equnhz --> cwhznz : mvlyd
@enduml