@startuml
state guydwk
guydwk --> wmtsil : hkhmx
wmtsil --> hgaklz : ofjgy
hgaklz --> yiyvga : zcigo
yiyvga --> odbtim : gyiht
odbtim --> gouiio : mdnjb
state ouxhpf <<fork>>
gouiio --> ouxhpf : fbcwc
state wsoyrm <<join>>
ouxhpf --> ptwiep : tqqe
ptwiep --> mlljls : dpsmj
mlljls --> stbxst : yhzrn
stbxst --> wsoyrm : vsuehhi
ouxhpf --> ocznga : exdl
ocznga --> dyuvhe : hudub
dyuvhe --> wsoyrm : chcjmpq
wsoyrm --> bstcge : knfsd
bstcge --> vjhrcu : yxbke
vjhrcu --> flarjm : noewf
flarjm --> bogdew : vnaav
bogdew --> qefpyf : whrlq
qefpyf --> biadfg : psloi
biadfg --> wonudq : uwwfs
wonudq --> ybypgp : uucnj
@enduml