@startuml
state oiihoy
[*] --> oiihoy : euayb
oiihoy --> qjlwcb : cajev
qjlwcb --> mixcaz : wpduw
state fgvwod <<choice>>
mixcaz --> fgvwod : sxkew
fgvwod --> ohwdqt : wxmc
ohwdqt --> zhjmfm : ntwdq
zhjmfm --> dmfvju : khzue
dmfvju --> zqtkqb : yklzf
zqtkqb --> iniglk : spyoljh
fgvwod --> aramfn : nbsj
aramfn --> rmsocd : gskbf
rmsocd --> ecwsqj : xrthp
ecwsqj --> yixzui : ycegp
yixzui --> iniglk : yovzaad
fgvwod --> iyarrr : ocgn
iyarrr --> cajqqn : fcjux
cajqqn --> yqelbq : ncisy
yqelbq --> iniglk : mfiyfri
iniglk --> lbhcan : emtfb
lbhcan --> ssydrp : qtuhr
ssydrp --> qltcbo : lmobb
qltcbo --> poiiig : agizz
poiiig --> [*] : iczkl
@enduml