@startuml
hide empty description
state enlsnv
[*] --> enlsnv : hevgw
enlsnv --> gfzlxr : tsffl
gfzlxr --> kvicgu : laljk
kvicgu --> iawyjm : mahqu
iawyjm --> uqciyv : adxnp
state uqciyv {
kmpdpp --> fnwjbx : vvnlx
fnwjbx --> isnvpa : farrk
}
state msyaep <<fork>>
uqciyv --> msyaep : tdjzb
state buhxoc <<join>>
msyaep --> jtqiys : fqrl
jtqiys --> ghgitn : iwlam
ghgitn --> nejvaf : umvyh
nejvaf --> yklbgc : ehhso
yklbgc --> buhxoc : ehswoxd
msyaep --> gjgqum : kkjx
gjgqum --> lgckyl : zxxaj
lgckyl --> buhxoc : xpmziou
buhxoc --> nbxkoo : vqotq
nbxkoo --> gphnxj : zcuwa
gphnxj --> aonlcr : ozweg
aonlcr --> wxviyd : lixcb
wxviyd --> rodwcp : dnlyq
rodwcp --> yttxui : rcoqd
yttxui --> imfxcv : tmqbf
imfxcv --> knskrr : fluel
knskrr --> [*] : fkywt
@enduml