@startuml
state sqycyv
[*] --> sqycyv : kheul
sqycyv --> ijorqb : vejuz
ijorqb --> lmvieb : sowlx
state jhatyy <<choice>>
lmvieb --> jhatyy : ylpjv
jhatyy --> xfjufl : jsit
xfjufl --> hycggt : lahlp
hycggt --> eclhsg : vlamm
eclhsg --> okamya : qubko
okamya --> tioazv : crvnvum
jhatyy --> riiucj : elrs
riiucj --> qfvvah : lxmir
qfvvah --> awahhd : woqkl
awahhd --> tioazv : akmuzdm
tioazv --> mlvvju : wtydc
mlvvju --> fzmxob : wdggx
state iipcgu <<choice>>
fzmxob --> iipcgu : semtg
iipcgu --> voomfj : fzaw
voomfj --> oovcfr : fgosy
oovcfr --> zltjsk : dvwkr
zltjsk --> ucicbf : mjlsw
ucicbf --> lizfkp : ttaupys
iipcgu --> zbnwvi : poxk
zbnwvi --> shkcrk : oyphx
shkcrk --> ywxkjv : tgwoi
ywxkjv --> lizfkp : mrsqmxm
iipcgu --> kjerne : ttyk
kjerne --> rkcmns : mgftt
rkcmns --> lizfkp : lxlajod
lizfkp --> bsjvfc : sosle
state bsjvfc {
tfseuh --> ybceyy : yrrgt
ybceyy --> slzjdr : olunp
}
bsjvfc --> vlhhmw : adxch
vlhhmw --> tcxand : xwcvz
tcxand --> [*] : zviqs
@enduml