@startuml
state lqyshi
[*] --> lqyshi : xjsuz
state eongnn <<choice>>
lqyshi --> eongnn : jmstn
eongnn --> fnstbb : ibaj
fnstbb --> klmfnz : awdod
klmfnz --> uhktwf : ejosf
uhktwf --> ervsqp : stbwz
ervsqp --> lfcnmv : usvtuic
eongnn --> yhospl : pssc
yhospl --> ypyrna : rqcbe
ypyrna --> osdubc : mxiiq
osdubc --> lfcnmv : wjcbpsm
lfcnmv --> mlvryt : vumxv
mlvryt --> zqejes : iniga
zqejes --> dmfqme : nowcb
dmfqme --> fgfnno : bqnpa
fgfnno --> rbebut : eeydt
rbebut --> nireob : bwysc
nireob --> ocnnxy : qkiop
ocnnxy --> cunttt : hclja
@enduml