@startuml
hide empty description
state kvxgvz
kvxgvz --> ymjpmh : zdvby
ymjpmh --> brsljn : gphca
brsljn --> yfgozr : yiwhm
yfgozr --> lnnjwc : zxysu
lnnjwc --> ngeatc : xwiiy
state ngeatc {
ycdthm --> mghhgk : jebfx
mghhgk --> rngoed : hfdvm
}
ngeatc --> cmxwgn : eynaw
state cmxwgn {
[*] --> nulelp : dyemo
nulelp --> sjhxxr : cnqqy
}
cmxwgn --> nhfmin : vfild
state nhfmin {
[*] --> auwfmy : pnunb
auwfmy --> lsjvjh : ucsnx
lsjvjh --> [*] : qmwiw
}
nhfmin --> pyyxwb : xwmjp
pyyxwb --> qhjbud : kadyj
qhjbud --> zworwq : iuumm
zworwq --> wowtbi : hnymk
wowtbi --> lvkvwj : oconc
state hhssmk <<fork>>
lvkvwj --> hhssmk : uiklz
state bwfrqx <<join>>
hhssmk --> plsmok : gdgu
plsmok --> rgngmh : pvwtu
rgngmh --> tqzlcz : rkqkt
tqzlcz --> rzvcgt : gqoap
rzvcgt --> bwfrqx : poimnmy
hhssmk --> kngljh : rvbx
kngljh --> mnhvqn : fxgqg
mnhvqn --> apxpuu : qcaea
apxpuu --> vkqgsq : jdwre
vkqgsq --> bwfrqx : abezmnh
hhssmk --> oogmfw : ovoo
oogmfw --> xitgbu : vfsqr
xitgbu --> duekjc : tjoml
duekjc --> bwfrqx : nwsigtf
bwfrqx --> [*] : xqnty
@enduml