@startuml
state txqsbz
[*] --> txqsbz : oncqu
txqsbz --> mdnuwp : abvvm
mdnuwp --> dqsvzd : pvlox
state jutyrg <<choice>>
dqsvzd --> jutyrg : epyry
jutyrg --> zhmflo : ftzn
zhmflo --> fvapdk : obzgf
fvapdk --> ekmppu : fkwot
ekmppu --> ixpzvg : qdseq
ixpzvg --> bllnco : dzmnmgt
jutyrg --> ewkwgj : yxdl
ewkwgj --> anhcff : ccmsq
anhcff --> omfjgr : aqnsr
omfjgr --> bllnco : lehhgxs
jutyrg --> uhbpib : dtfo
uhbpib --> rrjcqf : ihyxg
rrjcqf --> bllnco : zgtgzoa
bllnco --> trnurq : rdltn
trnurq --> zgwxss : ylguj
zgwxss --> nqfxcu : bykfd
nqfxcu --> [*] : rywov
@enduml