@startuml
state tujoyl
tujoyl --> zsjqbx : urtfa
zsjqbx --> yooxqo : rmbyp
yooxqo --> dabepz : muglq
state cxjuoi <<fork>>
dabepz --> cxjuoi : zcjuu
state xrlmqe <<join>>
cxjuoi --> svnnmb : pqlh
svnnmb --> fvyzst : tqpdx
fvyzst --> xrlmqe : jgihknc
cxjuoi --> fkogok : bgfm
fkogok --> wfbnyw : vsztz
wfbnyw --> iachhm : icnof
iachhm --> xrlmqe : mfvfzfe
cxjuoi --> mghkqj : ujmu
mghkqj --> otwcst : vlwhk
otwcst --> svbaya : yggec
svbaya --> xrlmqe : mlviizh
xrlmqe --> asygca : cuhis
state asygca {
hndpwo --> obvsyf : mzuce
}
asygca --> tyhusa : bxsnc
tyhusa --> gbnuup : ypqoa
gbnuup --> bguefh : kzzuv
bguefh --> tjaguq : ysqyu
tjaguq --> jdjlxm : xkpsz
jdjlxm --> snxznb : xrgua
snxznb --> mzvloy : zufez
mzvloy --> [*] : itdhf
@enduml