@startuml
state lnchix
[*] --> lnchix : nzirj
lnchix --> jnluiz : vdflj
jnluiz --> xwbifq : wocam
state zdroac <<choice>>
xwbifq --> zdroac : uyilm
zdroac --> qdeylz : cpes
qdeylz --> rwxitp : huwyo
rwxitp --> kmiylj : gbucg
kmiylj --> qviutz : zfdorlv
zdroac --> ugenwb : pkag
ugenwb --> xafvlp : legyr
xafvlp --> njuhpt : bxoel
njuhpt --> qovwnx : zggkx
qovwnx --> qviutz : dhiimde
zdroac --> kzkrwr : anui
kzkrwr --> aszcuf : ytptu
aszcuf --> qivonf : xuqtt
qivonf --> qviutz : hwqjnyn
qviutz --> lvhztu : mvsgo
state kquhbz <<fork>>
lvhztu --> kquhbz : hnxjc
state sjuqgw <<join>>
kquhbz --> fznycb : xwib
fznycb --> gpuqyy : koqry
gpuqyy --> sjuqgw : iygdbme
kquhbz --> ohebby : rqrz
ohebby --> humjzu : ijeip
humjzu --> sjuqgw : urbnuxo
sjuqgw --> [*] : cfiqo
@enduml