@startuml
state htufkq
htufkq --> ehfpta : dnpcy
ehfpta --> chzjkw : upqoq
chzjkw --> nylvys : vtoqr
nylvys --> idukwh : wayie
idukwh --> nscldt : saydk
state nscldt {
xonypu --> ymamtz : doukz
ymamtz --> pkrakd : jciam
pkrakd --> hzasce : uemra
hzasce --> [*] : hgwiz
}
nscldt --> culaog : idato
culaog --> hgwhbq : zxkiq
state dsdfxm <<choice>>
hgwhbq --> dsdfxm : dcxnn
dsdfxm --> wwergr : dkyl
wwergr --> zxynzg : hgypm
zxynzg --> jgdmlc : cxgzd
jgdmlc --> wfxbgh : xsdtk
wfxbgh --> xrvnlc : jfbzpcp
dsdfxm --> uimdqq : hkiz
uimdqq --> yziobe : cihrw
yziobe --> xrvnlc : rnmczim
xrvnlc --> [*] : dbtmh
@enduml