@startuml
hide empty description
state sawhdx
[*] --> sawhdx : phruu
state lggwfv <<fork>>
sawhdx --> lggwfv : fegvy
state tsthid <<join>>
lggwfv --> mnxwyh : bssb
mnxwyh --> okmhry : ysosx
okmhry --> zxudrw : ylcji
zxudrw --> batmmd : yqwpx
batmmd --> tsthid : mdhtoww
lggwfv --> hwpten : digk
hwpten --> fhugim : immbo
fhugim --> rgnvec : obvyb
rgnvec --> tsthid : tymhslo
tsthid --> kcefky : oxhjc
state jldsjy <<choice>>
kcefky --> jldsjy : jmcqb
jldsjy --> ybmpws : qxsm
ybmpws --> chxsxj : tbfgg
chxsxj --> zuysbd : hlqvh
zuysbd --> oqttet : ktglfpf
jldsjy --> giofug : uwfw
giofug --> laowrm : goyiu
laowrm --> ljwyzq : axior
ljwyzq --> wcuplu : uuejh
wcuplu --> oqttet : cwmfhnf
jldsjy --> knlxdq : bvwb
knlxdq --> apuuwi : iheep
apuuwi --> xhnwho : wrfeu
xhnwho --> oqttet : gvpvssq
oqttet --> wqgnff : ntnmd
@enduml