@startuml
hide empty description
state xjnflb
[*] --> xjnflb : jxetq
state fbmloy <<choice>>
xjnflb --> fbmloy : xgwoj
fbmloy --> agiuak : dnpq
agiuak --> fgfriy : ajbjb
fgfriy --> ivymlu : rxexpai
fbmloy --> btenyw : zrqj
btenyw --> fipiql : kuwjb
fipiql --> fhpaji : zqncj
fhpaji --> ivymlu : mfpkezk
fbmloy --> lvrnsc : agbb
lvrnsc --> hpzzvj : jiwom
hpzzvj --> jluwdf : dseig
jluwdf --> ivymlu : qzjtnbq
ivymlu --> hxummn : nwqhn
hxummn --> znbler : zzzpe
znbler --> zzikvb : xdqxt
state zzikvb {
pfysfk --> gpmyqf : dzrmi
gpmyqf --> oerkda : smljo
oerkda --> ogfnlf : mtret
}
zzikvb --> vrpsaq : sdltm
vrpsaq --> [*] : snyyn
@enduml