@startuml
hide empty description
state lbpywd
lbpywd --> xwcwmu : dkuoe
state rtevhb <<fork>>
xwcwmu --> rtevhb : aleya
state pkcfga <<join>>
rtevhb --> vfwtvd : qxur
vfwtvd --> kbowku : cnwzn
kbowku --> hgdqlc : iomsz
hgdqlc --> xusaie : nlwka
xusaie --> pkcfga : nwudeyt
rtevhb --> thgxlp : ijdq
thgxlp --> pvwzur : nhxuk
pvwzur --> payghr : cyjwi
payghr --> igyaci : mudof
igyaci --> pkcfga : tuxniae
rtevhb --> yphrzq : vglj
yphrzq --> chbzdk : wdkll
chbzdk --> xsijsw : qnoku
xsijsw --> jjlebl : dwwfy
jjlebl --> pkcfga : lbjzrlb
pkcfga --> loruat : ngcph
state loruat {
bqdjlj --> tpomwp : kvylq
tpomwp --> lwlxar : yqfsk
lwlxar --> kppsqb : crzha
kppsqb --> [*] : bxcyw
}
loruat --> ilengp : mpxgq
ilengp --> iyytop : ixggz
iyytop --> zepbmf : joidi
state exhmst <<fork>>
zepbmf --> exhmst : iyvbi
state lbrfmx <<join>>
exhmst --> djarbo : fcxv
djarbo --> rkhdyi : uskxs
rkhdyi --> nmokcj : wyejp
nmokcj --> iuxlth : xkgml
iuxlth --> lbrfmx : eihqgzn
exhmst --> pahhxa : blqc
pahhxa --> cedmxs : rifef
cedmxs --> jrmskr : zuzkb
jrmskr --> rmfloz : lbyhd
rmfloz --> lbrfmx : txsftzr
exhmst --> lyqhnh : gbgw
lyqhnh --> dnhbnx : ficsd
dnhbnx --> lbrfmx : whwwjnl
lbrfmx --> tdlomg : bekup
tdlomg --> aiwltk : glhpi
state aiwltk {
[*] --> jtmjfa : dhakr
jtmjfa --> gpzeyh : bcjvr
gpzeyh --> [*] : jqrbz
}
state nlfklp <<fork>>
aiwltk --> nlfklp : aoyrg
state viciil <<join>>
nlfklp --> aaryvr : jgrm
aaryvr --> owucvs : vmpjj
owucvs --> witses : mrqar
witses --> viciil : ewckqtg
nlfklp --> audlpj : ucsm
audlpj --> fpydsf : zsvpq
fpydsf --> wmzpdi : rtyfn
wmzpdi --> viciil : lmererd
nlfklp --> miwcsl : uyyp
miwcsl --> lpxyra : npcbu
lpxyra --> viciil : clwhozq
viciil --> aebcte : iqmvr
aebcte --> hkbdpy : eqwyl
state hkbdpy {
[*] --> hytfhe : vkojw
hytfhe --> kiaedy : roizj
kiaedy --> dbsavy : zikwz
dbsavy --> [*] : jnqxq
}
hkbdpy --> rjirzx : ksyhu
rjirzx --> hhsrqb : eglog
hhsrqb --> mujrol : kscpu
state litzej <<choice>>
mujrol --> litzej : fxvig
litzej --> ekqdvw : pfhy
ekqdvw --> nhrxxo : kpzzi
nhrxxo --> vkoric : htqum
vkoric --> qlcbzz : lqwzdyp
litzej --> mvfieb : lzhz
mvfieb --> yfdkmf : tjjrc
yfdkmf --> uzhofy : bjaph
uzhofy --> igioto : gowuk
igioto --> qlcbzz : fbmdiav
litzej --> ggqdxi : jpyp
ggqdxi --> arqfhj : qwybf
arqfhj --> aacqbp : rrhav
aacqbp --> evskme : qclrr
evskme --> qlcbzz : niohdez
qlcbzz --> [*] : qrpuf
@enduml