@startuml
hide empty description
state ohbjge
[*] --> ohbjge : ysmvb
ohbjge --> hzulfx : tganh
state dejeib <<fork>>
hzulfx --> dejeib : jsewn
state ksnhsl <<join>>
dejeib --> eajzlk : swlq
eajzlk --> xdivev : bxshe
xdivev --> ipquqk : urzaj
ipquqk --> uhpche : wnetr
uhpche --> ksnhsl : nrshmpp
dejeib --> tlnpag : czfr
tlnpag --> mhlyni : bdrhh
mhlyni --> fcrris : ddvnr
fcrris --> rbhhen : uzaqn
rbhhen --> ksnhsl : wsbrltb
state sbehho <<fork>>
ksnhsl --> sbehho : kpebv
state koutfw <<join>>
sbehho --> imszes : ttrf
imszes --> xbwxeg : rptgj
xbwxeg --> yndrpw : hqbic
yndrpw --> koutfw : gixvtnm
sbehho --> utivho : zalx
utivho --> jiagbv : izsqo
jiagbv --> jpnhhs : vqdle
jpnhhs --> vejanu : gvfnw
vejanu --> koutfw : utworqz
koutfw --> ytdcbq : torjk
state ytdcbq {
[*] --> bjkdbd : wfqzp
bjkdbd --> ckrmpc : gkpth
ckrmpc --> yanjja : gywei
yanjja --> dwpuvy : lygei
}
ytdcbq --> jjhzup : tipwa
jjhzup --> prvcxh : wuoec
prvcxh --> uhxwnf : gvhdg
uhxwnf --> yupzwx : fipty
yupzwx --> ibpftj : epwnl
ibpftj --> dtqpwc : orfsx
dtqpwc --> nabhri : pqlzd
nabhri --> [*] : xjkvh
@enduml