@startuml
hide empty description
state kqxckh
[*] --> kqxckh : cdhxi
state yrfmzb <<fork>>
kqxckh --> yrfmzb : seczp
state inuurm <<join>>
yrfmzb --> ntinwg : exwk
ntinwg --> lydwng : cignm
lydwng --> teptpg : sdopi
teptpg --> woacnq : yfwih
woacnq --> inuurm : nlkhszg
yrfmzb --> dzwloo : vzuk
dzwloo --> owtzjs : xrgeb
owtzjs --> inuurm : pnwxlup
yrfmzb --> oqkfoe : ieyi
oqkfoe --> karwyy : mkwic
karwyy --> iqykal : hpkhg
iqykal --> inuurm : zofofrx
inuurm --> azgsst : sstuz
azgsst --> fxmrko : fgcsz
fxmrko --> uqjmzg : nhhgq
uqjmzg --> eqmcnh : yartx
eqmcnh --> ojsaye : kuplq
@enduml