@startuml
hide empty description
state dikiwd
[*] --> dikiwd : gcsrn
dikiwd --> xxahsn : xlngt
state xxahsn {
ysxarn --> akkpyw : kapqh
akkpyw --> tvlldv : jntau
}
xxahsn --> vztkzd : opsoa
vztkzd --> swlrff : xbqqg
state hutyti <<choice>>
swlrff --> hutyti : waltr
hutyti --> juhwri : umji
juhwri --> efmjtz : oipyc
efmjtz --> todvbv : mmlzb
todvbv --> bheodv : dmfuw
bheodv --> pcjmfy : whzbrgz
hutyti --> flkjht : qbon
flkjht --> rzqdzi : hdhew
rzqdzi --> pcjmfy : vhcrpnr
pcjmfy --> rwrijb : vhywx
rwrijb --> kifmrx : kqpid
kifmrx --> hhwbml : lrfwn
hhwbml --> mtfkpt : xixut
mtfkpt --> rwcuiy : pfhuw
rwcuiy --> ajiqdi : spuzm
ajiqdi --> iyyvkh : xeyew
iyyvkh --> [*] : xikzs
@enduml