@startuml
hide empty description
state nffqwd
[*] --> nffqwd : rriae
nffqwd --> raxemo : aribg
state raxemo {
obkaph --> mscftd : zdxmx
mscftd --> uafutp : mtquy
uafutp --> rzmlkq : obmze
}
raxemo --> lfynte : xsbjh
state ulfusm <<choice>>
lfynte --> ulfusm : rnooq
ulfusm --> enuyoe : undd
enuyoe --> evjhsa : kdrxb
evjhsa --> foimmr : pprye
foimmr --> ktjgmc : hrpioqb
ulfusm --> adferz : tyoq
adferz --> yukiao : oedkh
yukiao --> ktjgmc : ujxdzsn
ktjgmc --> rseyma : vjnqq
rseyma --> girymg : zjhfn
girymg --> ioodmm : fdskn
ioodmm --> nosezh : ldafv
nosezh --> [*] : dttjz
@enduml