@startuml
state otdxkx
[*] --> otdxkx : sbvkn
otdxkx --> jckrry : umcut
jckrry --> alpasq : zkwnb
state alpasq {
wdhqjm --> srbqht : gzrqb
}
alpasq --> tebwlc : jubsj
tebwlc --> uxxsly : jskgk
uxxsly --> gtwtvg : harpp
gtwtvg --> tfwytu : lsodc
tfwytu --> sjolxp : uadvn
sjolxp --> dgjqhn : ljhfu
dgjqhn --> czaczd : jhymw
state qguiat <<fork>>
czaczd --> qguiat : ebief
state lpvzme <<join>>
qguiat --> gfqdaw : iubr
gfqdaw --> qppfxm : bsjdm
qppfxm --> xhzoji : rmcjm
xhzoji --> lpvzme : olxkvdq
qguiat --> ddncee : eskp
ddncee --> lpajuf : nrggh
lpajuf --> lpvzme : hvbxjmh
qguiat --> sgfrmi : suou
sgfrmi --> goiupd : rkbjk
goiupd --> unoqjo : sgnqq
unoqjo --> lpvzme : jrmdgqz
@enduml