@startuml
hide empty description
state mqdwty
[*] --> mqdwty : gkecm
mqdwty --> ezrmfg : awpir
ezrmfg --> lwfjad : cpxnd
lwfjad --> nygrgg : bitkb
nygrgg --> wvfzsk : grqhb
state zcuytu <<choice>>
wvfzsk --> zcuytu : glqvr
zcuytu --> kvzbxm : upuc
kvzbxm --> flgunu : qrhfo
flgunu --> xqtdwd : vnqpqvk
zcuytu --> pcmhtf : rryd
pcmhtf --> hpxqul : upeze
hpxqul --> rvfzbc : cgjvn
rvfzbc --> xqtdwd : scsptat
xqtdwd --> wnziwa : htbmw
wnziwa --> fkfgkp : tuoru
fkfgkp --> kvdwug : akmkz
kvdwug --> ikuxur : xbjag
ikuxur --> bxtact : mzudc
bxtact --> dmsxwf : ogsyu
dmsxwf --> zeamgj : hrjwv
@enduml