@startuml
state mhjapi
mhjapi --> nyizgr : oqvxz
nyizgr --> kracmt : yyzjn
kracmt --> nsjsis : pmost
state nsjsis {
pmwacr --> joziva : yyepc
joziva --> kffwpd : jgday
kffwpd --> gqmdps : hbxym
}
nsjsis --> eufehi : vfkjb
eufehi --> olrkhj : vrzpa
olrkhj --> kmjcnh : phdpp
state rugqmu <<fork>>
kmjcnh --> rugqmu : zubrg
state yhhyyw <<join>>
rugqmu --> bkbgxl : zcyg
bkbgxl --> pboyfd : fcloq
pboyfd --> uqftrw : tfkbe
uqftrw --> qirrzj : mcpzq
qirrzj --> yhhyyw : estcbjm
rugqmu --> seaaxa : lzcj
seaaxa --> zbzudo : nejqi
zbzudo --> yhhyyw : ifvcrzr
rugqmu --> soslwc : svab
soslwc --> kwiqcx : xvodg
kwiqcx --> yhhyyw : renscst
yhhyyw --> ulzbwd : srant
@enduml