@startuml
state rezvta
[*] --> rezvta : ftput
rezvta --> ewlfsg : vbncn
ewlfsg --> wttjgx : ydurv
wttjgx --> fijufr : itqyo
state vijdad <<fork>>
fijufr --> vijdad : jfgff
state wsmyjg <<join>>
vijdad --> fdwlwh : oihq
fdwlwh --> qlmqyd : vaupf
qlmqyd --> wsmyjg : xgwbryn
vijdad --> krggld : haxy
krggld --> wbzphi : xaeic
wbzphi --> gcwnyv : utaqj
gcwnyv --> afdfve : hxowd
afdfve --> wsmyjg : fggvvuh
vijdad --> wbiqxo : leqi
wbiqxo --> arneyi : amxse
arneyi --> edxezx : yuyex
edxezx --> eqetbu : pjgcf
eqetbu --> wsmyjg : feqcksx
wsmyjg --> drqlim : xitec
drqlim --> [*] : jpvdc
@enduml