@startuml
state ciabbd
[*] --> ciabbd : wxmlb
ciabbd --> knuzbj : vgdox
knuzbj --> icsifv : jxhtx
icsifv --> biyiqv : ssyvh
state pfruin <<choice>>
biyiqv --> pfruin : kgdhi
pfruin --> fgsufy : emlr
fgsufy --> chulha : slwgz
chulha --> lpngyy : qneqr
lpngyy --> piadnx : pakznzk
pfruin --> qzdppg : qxfx
qzdppg --> rpxlpg : pbwvg
rpxlpg --> dlvkiy : todzc
dlvkiy --> piadnx : xupwehk
pfruin --> gkqqdh : wnex
gkqqdh --> ysedup : dhpfj
ysedup --> wnqfgt : zwaim
wnqfgt --> jxyucb : hafdx
jxyucb --> piadnx : kynrmzr
piadnx --> dquylf : mvfmp
dquylf --> mrukwb : eeehr
mrukwb --> mwdako : ddrps
mwdako --> hlnvaj : cghvr
hlnvaj --> vyhefl : fkebr
vyhefl --> piehpf : hahgc
piehpf --> ltdbrs : dmdag
ltdbrs --> schuyq : cnvzi
schuyq --> jivygq : owtsf
jivygq --> idkeau : ydhaq
idkeau --> fdwbgi : ayzjx
fdwbgi --> lwlbrd : zvvqi
lwlbrd --> [*] : sozwc
@enduml