@startuml
hide empty description
state lcungs
[*] --> lcungs : uwfli
lcungs --> vubena : tpyhq
vubena --> dpqmjl : ofvex
dpqmjl --> gliqyq : wbmeq
gliqyq --> pefsol : gzcfa
state ddvqmm <<fork>>
pefsol --> ddvqmm : bltnz
state ietxhj <<join>>
ddvqmm --> zpzhlc : gkxt
zpzhlc --> ftmltz : rhoim
ftmltz --> qglzyj : jvsgt
qglzyj --> ietxhj : tfjfdzv
ddvqmm --> hgbaij : djpj
hgbaij --> abxhzn : rwakf
abxhzn --> wjcwtm : fybue
wjcwtm --> xguabs : wrwws
xguabs --> ietxhj : dqjuwny
ddvqmm --> awfnzh : fsde
awfnzh --> nmihgr : jhyht
nmihgr --> ietxhj : tzjtehc
ietxhj --> jzhywm : dybjo
jzhywm --> nbwrng : jrvkl
@enduml