@startuml
hide empty description
state gorlyx
gorlyx --> winrok : onlyt
winrok --> xugwqj : bkddj
xugwqj --> bfjega : wgqwm
bfjega --> xgjyvz : vhzet
xgjyvz --> shlabq : jcbcy
shlabq --> gpyjei : echpy
gpyjei --> rqxmvb : domek
state hagtxu <<choice>>
rqxmvb --> hagtxu : jauwn
hagtxu --> bctxjd : wzya
bctxjd --> iockyc : spruo
iockyc --> iobrsz : vnucl
iobrsz --> mayder : shdne
mayder --> xhwpmf : quacxkq
hagtxu --> xyjtyg : lomb
xyjtyg --> rjraaw : kmezq
rjraaw --> lzbmpz : dcxog
lzbmpz --> woqiii : dosxd
woqiii --> xhwpmf : fgegqfy
hagtxu --> vjadbj : snkg
vjadbj --> ecwwln : nqwqd
ecwwln --> xhwpmf : uctqlio
xhwpmf --> yhzkai : dbghx
@enduml