@startuml
state gwkqpm
gwkqpm --> fyztii : ztnth
fyztii --> ultzgx : ionxk
ultzgx --> mlpajl : nszzg
mlpajl --> uhcfkj : pfxms
uhcfkj --> oogpar : qgcrx
state vctfml <<choice>>
oogpar --> vctfml : rchwa
vctfml --> kkyhmw : ffxr
kkyhmw --> vvzpib : tmgzm
vvzpib --> wzbslv : cojmu
wzbslv --> ffyvbj : ydmvnhv
vctfml --> apexjl : cqsk
apexjl --> izqvde : kmpkz
izqvde --> iaoweg : ycxlj
iaoweg --> ffyvbj : vpuigwb
vctfml --> uasxrp : anzf
uasxrp --> ebizbq : iopyx
ebizbq --> jfrwbi : rogwr
jfrwbi --> imiezy : abtgx
imiezy --> ffyvbj : wqubwtk
ffyvbj --> kqqcmu : awkyp
kqqcmu --> [*] : nzjaa
@enduml