@startuml
state drpljw
[*] --> drpljw : schem
drpljw --> zhwhwg : irqfv
zhwhwg --> dppdcp : kqdpy
dppdcp --> mwnino : avwzw
mwnino --> oerazx : ncloi
oerazx --> ozftll : qutsb
ozftll --> qvlflo : iurro
state eylsqy <<fork>>
qvlflo --> eylsqy : tbswi
state lakfrb <<join>>
eylsqy --> pjnnis : psqu
pjnnis --> yihhpi : mmkgh
yihhpi --> lakfrb : sqjfquv
eylsqy --> naczym : abhz
naczym --> zlndzy : hpkfh
zlndzy --> vepusj : kxghz
vepusj --> lakfrb : mvravvd
lakfrb --> bpgvud : nptfp
bpgvud --> pqxwsa : hkykn
pqxwsa --> ddhgpd : becnf
ddhgpd --> dzeenj : zydhg
state idkdyb <<choice>>
dzeenj --> idkdyb : kslxm
idkdyb --> eajfeb : bftn
eajfeb --> feobru : catxf
feobru --> ynkrgc : qtrlo
ynkrgc --> oxfkod : dybyg
oxfkod --> wnskev : sbhbrmm
idkdyb --> hunvqu : qnyl
hunvqu --> othdbx : nfhxd
othdbx --> usmnlm : okiaj
usmnlm --> jlyenq : ahiov
jlyenq --> wnskev : wmaajhk
wnskev --> [*] : udqsw
@enduml