@startuml
state purqmi
purqmi --> ouotkw : zhgbf
state oijzhf <<choice>>
ouotkw --> oijzhf : nvemy
oijzhf --> covqxp : fyeo
covqxp --> xnucfd : cmjdu
xnucfd --> sbxojq : hipph
sbxojq --> cjeryb : hskbq
cjeryb --> qrrkdb : ywpsvvx
oijzhf --> vaxsua : ugbu
vaxsua --> beuxqu : pbprg
beuxqu --> zbbosk : iolhb
zbbosk --> yeqlfy : srctz
yeqlfy --> qrrkdb : cjcdern
oijzhf --> kmzkde : pugz
kmzkde --> xwknfj : qfxok
xwknfj --> awbeef : gmtnh
awbeef --> qenlrs : aeyog
qenlrs --> qrrkdb : lnipggn
qrrkdb --> zttbcd : ogzls
zttbcd --> ivxyng : gnrda
@enduml