@startuml
hide empty description
state lyjgbq
[*] --> lyjgbq : gdymj
lyjgbq --> kzmzdg : qoguv
kzmzdg --> bpqfkh : yvxng
bpqfkh --> ecijeu : ihiyb
state oybcgv <<fork>>
ecijeu --> oybcgv : bbpyl
state jkeook <<join>>
oybcgv --> uixkwa : zugg
uixkwa --> jpahbe : qcfkv
jpahbe --> jkeook : terpbsa
oybcgv --> keughr : suhv
keughr --> qrgzxk : nqxcg
qrgzxk --> xwnqmj : iidad
xwnqmj --> jkeook : dwlfuqh
jkeook --> bhvdhn : kddag
bhvdhn --> iyeczz : dgxeb
iyeczz --> yytpcd : jhlcf
yytpcd --> kveibm : yerfp
kveibm --> [*] : kewlo
@enduml