@startuml
state ddkpps
[*] --> ddkpps : wplwk
state tpuzub <<choice>>
ddkpps --> tpuzub : ecrdz
tpuzub --> mdsveu : ijcp
mdsveu --> wxysfu : cclyf
wxysfu --> djofvv : cktok
djofvv --> domtrw : berqsii
tpuzub --> uwdbqg : qyjf
uwdbqg --> zkebzt : rpyul
zkebzt --> domtrw : tafrtxg
tpuzub --> wjebyy : bkoz
wjebyy --> cxadop : zqkky
cxadop --> domtrw : vtcimhf
domtrw --> sixrla : lxdau
sixrla --> xnoebr : luvuu
xnoebr --> wpkosi : hwkie
state rudobk <<choice>>
wpkosi --> rudobk : rytxd
rudobk --> xozdxh : nozm
xozdxh --> nulbvv : ftqop
nulbvv --> crdtmc : cxinz
crdtmc --> qlfkvr : znzbh
qlfkvr --> elysdl : imgzmyr
rudobk --> rrqlqf : rgxz
rrqlqf --> bfcvaw : lbdjn
bfcvaw --> elysdl : zfojmwe
rudobk --> ikoeuf : whno
ikoeuf --> gwitrm : sjmsy
gwitrm --> dverow : tudzz
dverow --> elysdl : dhuozhd
elysdl --> upugcv : ehusd
state upugcv {
[*] --> tumxoh : eatkt
tumxoh --> sganbc : jvyse
sganbc --> [*] : hafvu
}
state cwnoed <<choice>>
upugcv --> cwnoed : hysje
cwnoed --> iqkinj : ubti
iqkinj --> xovhrv : ugpgz
xovhrv --> zkociz : smidj
zkociz --> wwsptu : eclzx
wwsptu --> fjrxep : pvaxdqp
cwnoed --> csyesb : enmm
csyesb --> syzkbd : ydoor
syzkbd --> fjrxep : rakjnbs
state mspylm <<fork>>
fjrxep --> mspylm : gjdog
state rbcjol <<join>>
mspylm --> ckivtu : exaq
ckivtu --> evvhok : fvxuq
evvhok --> rbcjol : tcglxry
mspylm --> nruqim : xshu
nruqim --> pjdztw : cirjp
pjdztw --> qcwejd : zivar
qcwejd --> rbcjol : mmannru
rbcjol --> [*] : vkziq
@enduml