@startuml
hide empty description
state skcbzh
[*] --> skcbzh : ovvkj
state pmyqod <<fork>>
skcbzh --> pmyqod : pupmn
state jebsxo <<join>>
pmyqod --> sdqvlg : oaus
sdqvlg --> ygieju : nhidt
ygieju --> qncikx : vggsy
qncikx --> ubkfsa : ykfnf
ubkfsa --> jebsxo : exsggri
pmyqod --> aibity : hqpi
aibity --> aewyrx : coxjw
aewyrx --> oybqyu : fkfnh
oybqyu --> jebsxo : sqaproe
jebsxo --> ntipqg : twgtt
state ntipqg {
[*] --> dalwzz : eeomd
dalwzz --> ybbdae : xtnsa
ybbdae --> bpeuwr : qhrgl
bpeuwr --> hyzenj : umzfw
hyzenj --> [*] : pilfs
}
ntipqg --> cyagtv : ksynl
state cyagtv {
[*] --> yqfnjv : vsgyn
yqfnjv --> ufgllp : evryq
}
cyagtv --> ewhark : nccul
ewhark --> [*] : cupfh
@enduml