@startuml
state yuyyhe
yuyyhe --> hvwyus : inhze
state zowqcg <<choice>>
hvwyus --> zowqcg : uuetm
zowqcg --> ptqndv : htou
ptqndv --> yvzazd : czdnm
yvzazd --> iymqng : pmcfomo
zowqcg --> grjbpb : wvon
grjbpb --> oxecmi : zhocx
oxecmi --> fdmeuq : dmtva
fdmeuq --> iojfnk : lpwio
iojfnk --> iymqng : qmmvmvz
zowqcg --> ecvjxy : jwxj
ecvjxy --> wqdkiz : khlgd
wqdkiz --> glyapg : lmtex
glyapg --> iymqng : hkspuhl
iymqng --> exllrt : shetj
exllrt --> gciout : bcxwb
gciout --> tctlpa : apjgm
tctlpa --> lvqsuh : lvhkd
lvqsuh --> dfjpiw : sgcgh
state sbaakr <<fork>>
dfjpiw --> sbaakr : clhqi
state mvvydz <<join>>
sbaakr --> vdyoux : rpqt
vdyoux --> cwiamo : xisul
cwiamo --> chglce : odbae
chglce --> mvvydz : xhhxmdi
sbaakr --> qpmqnn : mdqo
qpmqnn --> kjakse : qnoev
kjakse --> thpcsu : jofja
thpcsu --> pyjywc : ynrez
pyjywc --> mvvydz : avwknpx
sbaakr --> kjdxzs : cypc
kjdxzs --> oxfinp : hmqqm
oxfinp --> kzfvtq : unbxm
kzfvtq --> mvvydz : bvdxicy
mvvydz --> [*] : nuhfm
@enduml