@startuml
state cdbufh
[*] --> cdbufh : qxilb
cdbufh --> lrowgh : tmsyd
lrowgh --> rlzqxt : irinp
rlzqxt --> hkfgzq : fbaux
state hkfgzq {
jyuaus --> mmtysc : usbqn
mmtysc --> gpfkem : klcuq
}
state hvzcrc <<fork>>
hkfgzq --> hvzcrc : ftecb
state mcyhun <<join>>
hvzcrc --> qpeusw : ebnj
qpeusw --> vrxynx : ovsxg
vrxynx --> mcyhun : xbxubtn
hvzcrc --> fgwflj : ssoj
fgwflj --> arwvqg : jagbv
arwvqg --> isgpnl : velrz
isgpnl --> rqcucr : xgtix
rqcucr --> mcyhun : qivppke
hvzcrc --> nwnzhr : dvlf
nwnzhr --> wdaivu : xgllb
wdaivu --> imjjya : zalwe
imjjya --> zdsmbe : rjvfk
zdsmbe --> mcyhun : oebhgyl
mcyhun --> gyasxw : ihksm
gyasxw --> keqebn : reglw
keqebn --> ohqhkx : awlmg
ohqhkx --> gndwzk : zzikw
gndwzk --> mrdgec : jdpss
mrdgec --> zlbxpt : wkwfg
zlbxpt --> beqehm : ucurc
beqehm --> gvaenp : whupc
state zoizxr <<choice>>
gvaenp --> zoizxr : nactz
zoizxr --> owodhz : ymba
owodhz --> ptrpcj : gtzbx
ptrpcj --> uazmax : qmige
uazmax --> bszjgw : tjfea
bszjgw --> ffsktj : efnwitn
zoizxr --> adupyz : yngm
adupyz --> nxtxxf : hlauq
nxtxxf --> ffsktj : rldwjsw
zoizxr --> kxuguc : cuqg
kxuguc --> nopfxx : wbyji
nopfxx --> sudnmd : vxnqe
sudnmd --> ffsktj : arovdxz
ffsktj --> qfjkxi : slnoy
qfjkxi --> cyvqne : myvah
@enduml