@startuml
state ybjvsz
[*] --> ybjvsz : qurav
ybjvsz --> gmxzye : zqbvd
gmxzye --> atzhpk : lsuni
state atzhpk {
zpbypz --> cealan : zlksi
cealan --> erjxfq : mwlka
erjxfq --> hckitw : hdnom
hckitw --> [*] : wmiaq
}
atzhpk --> fyjrmd : jypgl
state jahpip <<choice>>
fyjrmd --> jahpip : ucejy
jahpip --> fmrfcd : rwvw
fmrfcd --> swigxp : lluud
swigxp --> jfshyh : khnne
jfshyh --> gljsio : tkkrn
gljsio --> ynfujg : xglildz
jahpip --> favjdu : lktx
favjdu --> amprdq : xjagq
amprdq --> audxsn : behvs
audxsn --> ynfujg : wccnbcv
ynfujg --> [*] : htrdv
@enduml