@startuml
state bghopz
[*] --> bghopz : dygyq
bghopz --> imkroc : errqg
imkroc --> znaixq : pwdqe
znaixq --> wsxdmp : akbkb
wsxdmp --> zhvikh : youxt
zhvikh --> kpganr : vzsyd
state imxwyb <<fork>>
kpganr --> imxwyb : yebbl
state umbfsx <<join>>
imxwyb --> tauvba : bvdc
tauvba --> smuvcl : lvexr
smuvcl --> kthzfv : efyap
kthzfv --> ivpkdn : rygip
ivpkdn --> umbfsx : emljgzj
imxwyb --> ycnucb : fplr
ycnucb --> rcggwk : rqvph
rcggwk --> yjdnjo : setfk
yjdnjo --> pzsmnk : vyijr
pzsmnk --> umbfsx : occvkgu
imxwyb --> bvugsj : alyq
bvugsj --> govgya : ujwjr
govgya --> vgtzma : vmyzp
vgtzma --> gdxdye : xhijx
gdxdye --> umbfsx : yxnqmth
umbfsx --> rbrcmt : pseub
rbrcmt --> ysfmhn : iqhpz
ysfmhn --> gtyvdu : uofva
gtyvdu --> lvloww : wczsy
lvloww --> mdmirs : crbqr
state mdmirs {
[*] --> sdkgpx : gqoxv
sdkgpx --> ybvdix : msdmk
}
mdmirs --> crcfeu : iplck
crcfeu --> qxzsab : ejhbe
qxzsab --> ptqxia : wgmcv
@enduml