@startuml
hide empty description
state mziibp
[*] --> mziibp : lqgie
mziibp --> cbdfqq : ggucl
state ftvxwl <<fork>>
cbdfqq --> ftvxwl : qyeht
state obebke <<join>>
ftvxwl --> exsueu : xkie
exsueu --> qzfcht : emwmk
qzfcht --> dapfet : qeali
dapfet --> obebke : svhasmr
ftvxwl --> cotjat : bhbh
cotjat --> zzesry : kkitl
zzesry --> obebke : hvtomtv
ftvxwl --> wzwuka : daqo
wzwuka --> qksboo : ehswn
qksboo --> cryblq : qbakk
cryblq --> ecoeup : hetgf
ecoeup --> obebke : utjkaur
obebke --> yrmxvp : nahem
yrmxvp --> bmvten : fnvoj
state moeypv <<fork>>
bmvten --> moeypv : uczsg
state zwblde <<join>>
moeypv --> hwyysw : quhj
hwyysw --> cpdigs : jqwzf
cpdigs --> hixcqd : knymr
hixcqd --> zwblde : gtkzhik
moeypv --> fztmgs : jacj
fztmgs --> eexahh : kvtvf
eexahh --> bvbrbs : rafao
bvbrbs --> qpoudn : xwtdy
qpoudn --> zwblde : gtdymlb
moeypv --> rmehuu : qxer
rmehuu --> wekhfh : psufm
wekhfh --> zwblde : miroxlr
@enduml