@startuml
state cbgxpp
state hickdg <<fork>>
cbgxpp --> hickdg : payhq
state outngd <<join>>
hickdg --> pbebmy : jolc
pbebmy --> giydck : ljvqs
giydck --> outngd : hnjenci
hickdg --> oluixl : egec
oluixl --> ayekcu : mjjgb
ayekcu --> outngd : zwyspli
hickdg --> angbca : ralv
angbca --> iwunub : dawds
iwunub --> outngd : ftbnxlb
state prslhe <<fork>>
outngd --> prslhe : nriji
state ooxqnd <<join>>
prslhe --> afltfw : resf
afltfw --> sucugb : vjbqr
sucugb --> ooxqnd : hhkhbsj
prslhe --> mfydtv : avxb
mfydtv --> mpdkbp : pezxe
mpdkbp --> ynrhgb : ksbkr
ynrhgb --> ooxqnd : qsnfjdx
ooxqnd --> mlnwpl : bwtsb
state zmmfnp <<choice>>
mlnwpl --> zmmfnp : walgc
zmmfnp --> gfhogo : szqe
gfhogo --> wjijrq : qtijo
wjijrq --> zoitlr : efjtw
zoitlr --> jhtzfr : zfqtz
jhtzfr --> iibouz : gsrjhux
zmmfnp --> chluti : qtmo
chluti --> qqlhmn : sbynu
qqlhmn --> mwpqqb : jubcb
mwpqqb --> iibouz : jsnkqcc
iibouz --> ptqafa : xtuvb
ptqafa --> sylmwm : rkojw
sylmwm --> jxlcky : dorde
jxlcky --> xuuzsb : znvmd
xuuzsb --> [*] : yhytu
@enduml