@startuml
state revvtz
revvtz --> qrpbsa : jhknc
qrpbsa --> inpjiu : jurne
inpjiu --> eyonke : rdboc
eyonke --> wskegb : jezmy
state oggwyq <<choice>>
wskegb --> oggwyq : fnxdp
oggwyq --> fgepmn : ajpg
fgepmn --> qytwap : hinvx
qytwap --> mytuwi : rsuvc
mytuwi --> skvbpy : yhjto
skvbpy --> gderir : tkctlzu
oggwyq --> oxkwqx : faxv
oxkwqx --> qvfjkq : xuove
qvfjkq --> gderir : okgzwlg
oggwyq --> xwvgba : agak
xwvgba --> vpjwkc : fjvxj
vpjwkc --> nwepqv : ziyvn
nwepqv --> gderir : zlsunrh
gderir --> tzcdvs : wcrsd
state tzcdvs {
[*] --> htvgkw : jtkhd
htvgkw --> pxghyi : karux
pxghyi --> xebqvl : vxcba
}
tzcdvs --> uetjts : ixaev
state rzwmsn <<fork>>
uetjts --> rzwmsn : ycgpm
state cdlcjg <<join>>
rzwmsn --> moqxdl : zhjz
moqxdl --> eyohus : uofen
eyohus --> yxrjlh : noghz
yxrjlh --> eipill : pfmry
eipill --> cdlcjg : libjbob
rzwmsn --> omyfaf : true
omyfaf --> kkwlfx : aengp
kkwlfx --> gfwone : sfvgh
gfwone --> cdlcjg : mazpvnc
rzwmsn --> vqtwat : njkr
vqtwat --> wjrquy : itajj
wjrquy --> nkspjl : ogbbm
nkspjl --> unyjqs : znyrq
unyjqs --> cdlcjg : huklzbp
cdlcjg --> rojree : ahaby
state fthouw <<fork>>
rojree --> fthouw : xynya
state egmlrg <<join>>
fthouw --> yylpou : tfgv
yylpou --> yksett : fddts
yksett --> egmlrg : qwcbrhb
fthouw --> sehoxf : hzme
sehoxf --> hddkzv : qefds
hddkzv --> egmlrg : tiktdzh
fthouw --> mxmegy : fuht
mxmegy --> gmgbet : dzorh
gmgbet --> jiiwwr : fgkcj
jiiwwr --> whiezl : jihjo
whiezl --> egmlrg : acvfivg
egmlrg --> jgytwv : pnmuz
jgytwv --> ghdgbp : sttef
state ghdgbp {
[*] --> bxeycj : oermu
bxeycj --> yzwfsh : mdani
yzwfsh --> qptcno : xhore
}
ghdgbp --> nmakpq : rzdgi
nmakpq --> bonzdq : nnfuv
state hbbpzz <<fork>>
bonzdq --> hbbpzz : ogehf
state rmogop <<join>>
hbbpzz --> vxwnib : ewnd
vxwnib --> bknlwc : faqvh
bknlwc --> rmogop : kckbzuq
hbbpzz --> gowxur : czbh
gowxur --> ncrszm : zfmov
ncrszm --> rmogop : xxmofyd
rmogop --> [*] : ktdgp
@enduml