@startuml
state ojmwjj
[*] --> ojmwjj : oapnq
ojmwjj --> irjqti : vnhhl
irjqti --> slbpun : xjghw
state oppmmj <<fork>>
slbpun --> oppmmj : qanqz
state ifcyax <<join>>
oppmmj --> akwqdk : sohl
akwqdk --> hjbzyt : nirrk
hjbzyt --> pyzfsc : yoorg
pyzfsc --> ifcyax : mkfdrbp
oppmmj --> ojvxdn : magq
ojvxdn --> jvqfbz : atqse
jvqfbz --> ifcyax : rhjfxyn
oppmmj --> wwakiq : eioe
wwakiq --> snnmgf : fvgra
snnmgf --> tfzltn : chlyw
tfzltn --> ifcyax : qrxatrq
ifcyax --> ykuwud : awqtz
state dulium <<fork>>
ykuwud --> dulium : ghsth
state pevvzh <<join>>
dulium --> atrlmd : bnli
atrlmd --> swvhxx : mnnuk
swvhxx --> gaylqi : qobxq
gaylqi --> uhmgcr : hlqqr
uhmgcr --> pevvzh : fqrxjwi
dulium --> sfygfw : amnb
sfygfw --> blzmls : kvrba
blzmls --> htnete : cyjpw
htnete --> vdlawe : rcgij
vdlawe --> pevvzh : lxzmpps
pevvzh --> zzoqdf : xyohu
@enduml