@startuml
state wyccpq
state abodhb <<fork>>
wyccpq --> abodhb : eklgu
state ogjvma <<join>>
abodhb --> tilzxy : oekm
tilzxy --> uvjobw : lnslb
uvjobw --> bqearu : uqcyy
bqearu --> ogjvma : uvdjoxv
abodhb --> llxkmj : uken
llxkmj --> mzlcwi : jgxma
mzlcwi --> ocprol : bazyj
ocprol --> ogjvma : stjqbsz
abodhb --> dmapty : nptj
dmapty --> racdfx : iqhhe
racdfx --> dmyyqj : eeecj
dmyyqj --> ogjvma : jsqynsj
ogjvma --> lcrauz : vkzbc
lcrauz --> tqamoi : znavk
tqamoi --> zahfkl : bydhh
state wcnaks <<fork>>
zahfkl --> wcnaks : yfdff
state mmqsax <<join>>
wcnaks --> aapvez : bltb
aapvez --> wxalyf : sxxrh
wxalyf --> pnjncb : clcyv
pnjncb --> mmqsax : iojlpuk
wcnaks --> dwmlgv : pega
dwmlgv --> xkignn : traiv
xkignn --> mmqsax : yliwqbb
mmqsax --> rpxgfu : gyocs
rpxgfu --> ctmlte : vdvia
ctmlte --> yomfsp : yoksm
yomfsp --> obiujg : rqpgw
obiujg --> xjdbzk : uxubm
xjdbzk --> wifgdk : tlnts
state kccxdo <<choice>>
wifgdk --> kccxdo : knbyy
kccxdo --> neasgs : vsyu
neasgs --> pnklaw : rpwzk
pnklaw --> jhgasm : cucucnf
kccxdo --> tnxviv : fjae
tnxviv --> hlzxjy : azuqj
hlzxjy --> pcorke : msofa
pcorke --> wpekyw : lpncg
wpekyw --> jhgasm : okfnebt
kccxdo --> uolaqo : klzi
uolaqo --> hlcldz : fkhjz
hlcldz --> iwbdnc : jatol
iwbdnc --> jhgasm : lkmliiv
jhgasm --> [*] : ghrrw
@enduml