@startuml
state sucbkq
[*] --> sucbkq : dknoq
state totgtz <<fork>>
sucbkq --> totgtz : zvuep
state nzxvwy <<join>>
totgtz --> fbzjth : uttn
fbzjth --> zmtbrz : oozux
zmtbrz --> nzxvwy : czxybtn
totgtz --> gxxzdx : ytzd
gxxzdx --> vquozy : ybkbm
vquozy --> nzxvwy : ndlquhv
totgtz --> cvojec : todg
cvojec --> dqqczu : uajxc
dqqczu --> bzltps : dwkep
bzltps --> nzxvwy : hbkcwlq
state mrhoih <<fork>>
nzxvwy --> mrhoih : ujexp
state ztpraz <<join>>
mrhoih --> nbtfpk : mfud
nbtfpk --> awwqal : drdhi
awwqal --> ztpraz : gyhnwyh
mrhoih --> csbcvh : rail
csbcvh --> fnsnlm : kqywp
fnsnlm --> fmbqeq : pficj
fmbqeq --> ztpraz : riigthp
ztpraz --> bttmfb : mfham
bttmfb --> dcabjo : zwlje
dcabjo --> qltyjd : thhxa
state qltyjd {
ewersu --> bireec : xwwon
bireec --> buqpwb : hmzlm
buqpwb --> [*] : levyx
}
qltyjd --> xtorpg : hkjjy
state xtorpg {
mzrume --> gmluim : mqwsh
gmluim --> fqqjef : omvji
}
xtorpg --> [*] : jrxnq
@enduml