@startuml
state udgczc
udgczc --> mvwzca : mduig
mvwzca --> ukawdi : wmqox
ukawdi --> rgzwtf : qgznh
rgzwtf --> kxpybs : rhjbd
kxpybs --> swilgl : hosgh
state fldcla <<fork>>
swilgl --> fldcla : ixeqj
state ppvoim <<join>>
fldcla --> zlxlnc : lpwg
zlxlnc --> himgdx : mvday
himgdx --> ppvoim : jyzijdy
fldcla --> cvncra : siau
cvncra --> frsntj : fhzws
frsntj --> ppvoim : geyirdu
ppvoim --> djauus : nlhlu
state dcryci <<fork>>
djauus --> dcryci : huaag
state qfyduy <<join>>
dcryci --> ftwqmj : qamd
ftwqmj --> xoruet : ugzbi
xoruet --> qfyduy : wepywgf
dcryci --> vuovpz : kams
vuovpz --> tjzeud : ssjod
tjzeud --> qfyduy : sfsqtux
dcryci --> otltxx : qvpp
otltxx --> mqtxvt : hdalm
mqtxvt --> qfyduy : xunwiwq
qfyduy --> ynvacv : lohaw
ynvacv --> lbylxs : dyone
lbylxs --> [*] : rilaz
@enduml