@startuml
state hwyczx
state qjlcwc <<choice>>
hwyczx --> qjlcwc : yenzt
qjlcwc --> ukinyz : dgko
ukinyz --> nnssjj : tjzst
nnssjj --> cqhzse : vjuqn
cqhzse --> csmsku : kclrnzg
qjlcwc --> lhlryt : owqw
lhlryt --> ifnxej : heiiu
ifnxej --> csmsku : eijfngm
qjlcwc --> rtotlk : pbzg
rtotlk --> usjarz : frgvi
usjarz --> csmsku : vhstrlr
csmsku --> hzuhew : mkepg
state upbiqc <<choice>>
hzuhew --> upbiqc : zfrdi
upbiqc --> dqyfpo : gnkp
dqyfpo --> mwanpr : jhuyf
mwanpr --> hypgpa : qbwhfln
upbiqc --> yikcti : kmnb
yikcti --> gsskdw : hytxb
gsskdw --> lvropi : wgozb
lvropi --> hypgpa : sxpxshd
upbiqc --> adspem : jguk
adspem --> zuffug : eukgv
zuffug --> hypgpa : boxdrsr
hypgpa --> [*] : juypd
@enduml