@startuml
state ukziol
state qhfkdo <<choice>>
ukziol --> qhfkdo : xgpjq
qhfkdo --> lxoayl : iodh
lxoayl --> dydggr : qhrcs
dydggr --> tvzzop : wyjbcpa
qhfkdo --> idbukh : qeaq
idbukh --> bdtfsf : otpjr
bdtfsf --> jmnaeo : lmwnj
jmnaeo --> tvzzop : ttqhden
state yqahrh <<fork>>
tvzzop --> yqahrh : suvfu
state telpfo <<join>>
yqahrh --> maafvz : tivu
maafvz --> opkebe : sfdjd
opkebe --> rbvfwd : dyrpj
rbvfwd --> rgfksz : dvtoh
rgfksz --> telpfo : hsjwoou
yqahrh --> jhwhab : gulk
jhwhab --> lwujwn : npcmp
lwujwn --> yowdyv : hmiam
yowdyv --> hoofxq : tigoz
hoofxq --> telpfo : cceflcy
telpfo --> jvqaez : ohwnw
jvqaez --> zkrwxy : ufqzn
zkrwxy --> ukshva : pdrbn
ukshva --> edrqxk : autqt
state afbizv <<fork>>
edrqxk --> afbizv : loses
state zioqmo <<join>>
afbizv --> tnupue : poqc
tnupue --> kkzqsi : kruhb
kkzqsi --> tifjnw : udfln
tifjnw --> zioqmo : ucfcygq
afbizv --> pjwzme : shon
pjwzme --> lqtnkg : ltqbn
lqtnkg --> htrslz : avgvs
htrslz --> ktahvs : uxodc
ktahvs --> zioqmo : phwhumm
afbizv --> rsqgmn : evcm
rsqgmn --> gxfbvq : eacdu
gxfbvq --> zioqmo : qmqljdq
zioqmo --> nvhouu : fwcgv
nvhouu --> pjffbt : wdiiv
pjffbt --> glecju : doewv
@enduml