@startuml
state rbqnyk
[*] --> rbqnyk : wuaof
rbqnyk --> ukeosp : umags
ukeosp --> nkxrvh : namzz
nkxrvh --> ngnstd : qeknz
ngnstd --> gdzzox : oviwf
gdzzox --> ijvprs : zdlck
ijvprs --> utxglm : oewse
state ofjpnb <<choice>>
utxglm --> ofjpnb : jdjjn
ofjpnb --> nkpkmv : wgzp
nkpkmv --> qqbyjn : djujv
qqbyjn --> hpqumi : kftoi
hpqumi --> zzirzk : mnsdp
zzirzk --> imoyrp : aowfyme
ofjpnb --> vaeare : dapm
vaeare --> tfedfc : ubvmc
tfedfc --> imoyrp : uavdeym
ofjpnb --> yykecr : yctl
yykecr --> umirul : jsrik
umirul --> czcaqw : iusaw
czcaqw --> kclkdo : fpuny
kclkdo --> imoyrp : frcadqh
imoyrp --> plqeet : vcpud
state plqeet {
qgrkvp --> wlgtsz : sdqwh
wlgtsz --> ptlckh : meyvd
ptlckh --> gbmjfl : gdgba
}
@enduml