@startuml
hide empty description
state izccpf
[*] --> izccpf : mmnvm
izccpf --> pwecaz : jhrlo
pwecaz --> czsbjf : joqmc
czsbjf --> xvdxee : eicrs
state ohdomf <<choice>>
xvdxee --> ohdomf : dccmo
ohdomf --> bywzfa : owak
bywzfa --> xalrgi : nlaso
xalrgi --> zqijlx : bwidmuw
ohdomf --> iwrstr : dief
iwrstr --> olukdy : wtzce
olukdy --> hdrksu : pfljn
hdrksu --> fkruqr : nqwge
fkruqr --> zqijlx : haqdmcl
state jtlmae <<fork>>
zqijlx --> jtlmae : yahds
state ougiqo <<join>>
jtlmae --> uiqvyp : sjkw
uiqvyp --> nmlwfu : boqme
nmlwfu --> flaaru : rdesr
flaaru --> ougiqo : udcruyv
jtlmae --> yuxfld : ekvq
yuxfld --> jzvygm : bxobh
jzvygm --> uqgqps : pkadr
uqgqps --> ougiqo : tlredbq
ougiqo --> roqsbk : gkblg
state roqsbk {
[*] --> mlllmh : gqaca
mlllmh --> ynarlj : lxqgo
}
roqsbk --> jltsts : psqoi
jltsts --> sqthfe : dpbah
sqthfe --> hwutpg : ogdiz
hwutpg --> wzsstl : jwhva
wzsstl --> lktqzv : zgous
lktqzv --> neejle : hphdn
state rczilz <<choice>>
neejle --> rczilz : fvmpw
rczilz --> lqkqdb : avnm
lqkqdb --> dtoltd : pdnmk
dtoltd --> jevvfh : rvzsxld
rczilz --> lsugja : eenk
lsugja --> wdnqgx : mplpg
wdnqgx --> jevvfh : hooctgm
rczilz --> jownfr : brcu
jownfr --> gqqcsv : yabua
gqqcsv --> dwdxqk : otxyr
dwdxqk --> hqleqg : swmmp
hqleqg --> jevvfh : stzholb
jevvfh --> qdbkyx : xoexd
state qdbkyx {
[*] --> dksbin : eqltn
dksbin --> vbbrrq : yduol
vbbrrq --> [*] : zherg
}
qdbkyx --> vmtbig : cxksl
state tekfus <<fork>>
vmtbig --> tekfus : gsfhi
state kxydai <<join>>
tekfus --> iolkug : uqph
iolkug --> qrffud : fhejf
qrffud --> duuvwg : jjtit
duuvwg --> vnmutg : kqznq
vnmutg --> kxydai : emtabfx
tekfus --> axzxil : azju
axzxil --> dhqevt : scoxv
dhqevt --> kxydai : bnhuecf
tekfus --> glfwak : gvah
glfwak --> xyhuxc : gxyng
xyhuxc --> kxydai : qxzxzqh
kxydai --> [*] : jlgaw
@enduml