@startuml
state nieezt
[*] --> nieezt : emivg
nieezt --> pylxpv : ecgcn
pylxpv --> cjuujc : qxouz
state ksrpyu <<choice>>
cjuujc --> ksrpyu : ybtao
ksrpyu --> benmlb : eaae
benmlb --> nzznlh : ohhgp
nzznlh --> owveyk : totxujk
ksrpyu --> tbgnon : pvii
tbgnon --> pxkpms : rmwuo
pxkpms --> qcatbw : keszx
qcatbw --> yjiydk : sfuda
yjiydk --> owveyk : qllehke
ksrpyu --> hvhkim : mjpa
hvhkim --> kubrou : hiels
kubrou --> owveyk : bymfodv
owveyk --> lmbzyo : wdnfs
lmbzyo --> puhzgz : uttqh
puhzgz --> djscxu : uyqsq
djscxu --> gltzlu : izfii
gltzlu --> pzxxvy : crntl
pzxxvy --> xpzomo : gtgfv
xpzomo --> jadhoo : gskjk
jadhoo --> wcreof : cxjgx
wcreof --> kmvskb : zwjrx
kmvskb --> vlrljp : jydil
vlrljp --> ifbfoj : kpvfx
ifbfoj --> oqhjwx : mevuf
state xheenr <<fork>>
oqhjwx --> xheenr : goctk
state woietz <<join>>
xheenr --> qlgdok : fjmy
qlgdok --> azqglf : keoab
azqglf --> woietz : ricqksf
xheenr --> phajwx : ckzk
phajwx --> ptfkca : spgyp
ptfkca --> ijdmvh : nsgcq
ijdmvh --> dlrcmw : whqta
dlrcmw --> woietz : jcbbkjw
@enduml