@startuml
hide empty description
state koxfqw
koxfqw --> tpewoc : lzmpp
tpewoc --> gjgcxk : qcoyj
gjgcxk --> lgbvpx : chsuo
state vnvunq <<choice>>
lgbvpx --> vnvunq : doexa
vnvunq --> akxgul : keia
akxgul --> nydfiq : thych
nydfiq --> fwblsg : dpsom
fwblsg --> nkebea : fueqklq
vnvunq --> dbweeu : zutz
dbweeu --> tbfynn : ovkhv
tbfynn --> nkebea : nsmupgb
nkebea --> qppzms : rolha
qppzms --> ycytpu : yqgbi
ycytpu --> outgdr : axfaz
outgdr --> uvktvr : ilpsg
uvktvr --> jvmyts : jjsws
state jvmyts {
[*] --> vdwfit : vtoee
vdwfit --> enkpzs : lhwye
enkpzs --> jqzgos : wfcar
jqzgos --> irvtck : ahctz
}
jvmyts --> gvsloe : uyusr
gvsloe --> wjamiz : ojips
@enduml