@startuml
hide empty description
state iovkse
iovkse --> qnxncd : fpymv
qnxncd --> yoauvk : wmgyx
yoauvk --> npppok : iixgw
npppok --> tvelcc : qwbst
state lyiogf <<choice>>
tvelcc --> lyiogf : lkptr
lyiogf --> jiaxrd : nhwv
jiaxrd --> jrczpi : buwgy
jrczpi --> ngsqja : bxuckbp
lyiogf --> oydfdo : oqgq
oydfdo --> pwmhuj : pmeea
pwmhuj --> jlmzji : cfopg
jlmzji --> hfcqpu : voxha
hfcqpu --> ngsqja : cbopfkp
lyiogf --> orurbk : bnds
orurbk --> lxyeyb : mxpas
lxyeyb --> nenjqf : rnhci
nenjqf --> ngsqja : sgwwsvq
state ttthim <<choice>>
ngsqja --> ttthim : evcek
ttthim --> yzpbwf : wolm
yzpbwf --> urnptl : ycaci
urnptl --> nmsckz : xpgtb
nmsckz --> ulqrrm : bbmmq
ulqrrm --> yobopr : woukypa
ttthim --> yvamnb : ghja
yvamnb --> ciytwo : ersck
ciytwo --> mxyljy : ohpus
mxyljy --> wouxqb : xiaot
wouxqb --> yobopr : tjxwrma
ttthim --> zamwdk : mjkc
zamwdk --> mcdpvi : cuoab
mcdpvi --> flgbcn : wvvgs
flgbcn --> rikiie : nydgz
rikiie --> yobopr : jymhetw
yobopr --> ehgzin : jaice
ehgzin --> qarmfg : rkmgp
qarmfg --> wrzwzn : vrnej
wrzwzn --> [*] : tmsku
@enduml