@startuml
state snasov
snasov --> zdyfib : wwilm
state bsrrvn <<choice>>
zdyfib --> bsrrvn : srhja
bsrrvn --> ehtuar : rmam
ehtuar --> igxmbu : ewskr
igxmbu --> naqxbd : ujgav
naqxbd --> uzsvhk : mhqddii
bsrrvn --> dcgjpi : saxp
dcgjpi --> cdrdbx : uzcuo
cdrdbx --> uycapw : ahldp
uycapw --> uzsvhk : aksmwhl
uzsvhk --> bszczy : khaag
bszczy --> bsxkqg : ogtuz
bsxkqg --> nnvmix : iyszb
state cuvihj <<fork>>
nnvmix --> cuvihj : wocsx
state nuxflz <<join>>
cuvihj --> bbvmwm : ptnd
bbvmwm --> ptioel : benty
ptioel --> nuxflz : otgorkk
cuvihj --> tivmtk : grqs
tivmtk --> wfktsm : orwxi
wfktsm --> nuxflz : uhcmfid
nuxflz --> grfpoh : gooyi
@enduml