@startuml
state oqixad
[*] --> oqixad : uuzwx
oqixad --> xezerz : oapvj
xezerz --> eibvmu : byzsd
state eibvmu {
[*] --> gimipg : xenib
gimipg --> ozowtb : wgprt
ozowtb --> [*] : gmsbb
}
state ypmysz <<fork>>
eibvmu --> ypmysz : mztsx
state zasqph <<join>>
ypmysz --> crpwrd : emcj
crpwrd --> aetvsf : czbmc
aetvsf --> fsvaqx : rnjzx
fsvaqx --> zasqph : jmpxxlm
ypmysz --> hezolh : xvqg
hezolh --> mbmzqt : awigd
mbmzqt --> yfoied : chqbp
yfoied --> puwhpy : fjxcn
puwhpy --> zasqph : qavzbxz
ypmysz --> redtfd : kqxj
redtfd --> itdcjp : ahcpg
itdcjp --> slytqg : lpsvu
slytqg --> zasqph : lrmtuhq
zasqph --> jyebkb : jhosz
jyebkb --> rqpfpj : sigrq
rqpfpj --> iqunjv : vjotf
iqunjv --> gfdkho : qehnp
@enduml