@startuml
state cmvtzn
[*] --> cmvtzn : qkhtq
cmvtzn --> zdjqqg : gqibg
state ewxiqh <<fork>>
zdjqqg --> ewxiqh : jmkpf
state plhlag <<join>>
ewxiqh --> wwcebw : ycbe
wwcebw --> iqztxx : xigej
iqztxx --> hnpqmv : lndyv
hnpqmv --> plhlag : kcnbhrv
ewxiqh --> sszzuu : lrlo
sszzuu --> jjnbfn : peqxy
jjnbfn --> luornt : rxhrp
luornt --> plhlag : wlzdzdm
plhlag --> ujshae : pviji
state ujshae {
cprmxw --> ayfqgm : fssgx
ayfqgm --> ymhkxy : erocq
ymhkxy --> [*] : gofgu
}
ujshae --> szvqvy : ieosi
szvqvy --> ejozum : zlkza
state ejozum {
zvtylf --> gdzunz : dmvyx
gdzunz --> [*] : rietp
}
ejozum --> [*] : qrpnv
@enduml