@startuml
hide empty description
state zdsvpr
[*] --> zdsvpr : sfreq
zdsvpr --> jkeyct : bwpcp
state njqmgn <<fork>>
jkeyct --> njqmgn : qbqsv
state nusxvm <<join>>
njqmgn --> sqcjyu : ozhq
sqcjyu --> nfcjgg : mqhie
nfcjgg --> jzcehe : lbkfm
jzcehe --> nusxvm : qmqrxwj
njqmgn --> kfudjf : zurk
kfudjf --> wpqpao : fvogl
wpqpao --> cvrcdp : nkphk
cvrcdp --> nusxvm : iwybfbz
nusxvm --> pioxhp : zqbqz
pioxhp --> kuvlgl : lizxd
kuvlgl --> xczmpr : exhww
xczmpr --> aafbpn : aajot
aafbpn --> ncqnma : nnhfx
state ywgttk <<fork>>
ncqnma --> ywgttk : decux
state gvzsny <<join>>
ywgttk --> qzlfxw : qytf
qzlfxw --> ljasoi : anrtm
ljasoi --> gvzsny : ireyvxt
ywgttk --> rpkrvw : upnj
rpkrvw --> ychliq : rqedt
ychliq --> bgavuj : dynud
bgavuj --> gvzsny : wuhhnxo
ywgttk --> syhdcv : tfar
syhdcv --> zodtuh : ydmpw
zodtuh --> zjdnxq : futyn
zjdnxq --> gvzsny : sgteuqx
gvzsny --> wcviel : nrggq
@enduml