@startuml
state trmwpo
[*] --> trmwpo : aovwi
state chkvaf <<choice>>
trmwpo --> chkvaf : zrvro
chkvaf --> tgsiqq : ewkl
tgsiqq --> bgrgkg : tyziv
bgrgkg --> tquyua : xauam
tquyua --> swigyl : guuam
swigyl --> tjsrxs : vqtjnht
chkvaf --> roeoqe : qiwf
roeoqe --> mhuinw : wdabg
mhuinw --> tjsrxs : wxfrgte
tjsrxs --> kmlyhi : jpuhq
kmlyhi --> ojnlae : aqpol
ojnlae --> wsazyq : lnywn
wsazyq --> tsdmty : ihqat
tsdmty --> sxwezg : pduhz
sxwezg --> wixnzh : mqbwd
wixnzh --> uokezd : qkzxa
uokezd --> dwymkt : fkzky
dwymkt --> qqghwk : wzdfi
qqghwk --> ijzzwy : xmenb
state ywvhkt <<fork>>
ijzzwy --> ywvhkt : xjdcq
state nfirez <<join>>
ywvhkt --> mfybbi : yulz
mfybbi --> nfrfve : jeapo
nfrfve --> bhxoto : xyjgd
bhxoto --> nfirez : wxdajzm
ywvhkt --> jtovgt : pspa
jtovgt --> vvnnhv : nuazj
vvnnhv --> qbkzdx : fgeuz
qbkzdx --> wuzniz : fbaer
wuzniz --> nfirez : bvkzsrj
ywvhkt --> bzhcya : ywjz
bzhcya --> zddvft : ziqhg
zddvft --> bazyib : kyjhx
bazyib --> lgztdk : sqmtz
lgztdk --> nfirez : umergkm
nfirez --> qwuccg : jgltv
state zvshlo <<fork>>
qwuccg --> zvshlo : mbkug
state enlolv <<join>>
zvshlo --> stamwd : viti
stamwd --> twparr : npqsa
twparr --> enlolv : lgklsap
zvshlo --> fyhjdr : vefe
fyhjdr --> hhjxxw : efqxu
hhjxxw --> enlolv : ngqwimy
zvshlo --> uukrmr : aygt
uukrmr --> tlezwq : xwelx
tlezwq --> wiyenn : yzfid
wiyenn --> enlolv : dmjvxrs
enlolv --> wuysfi : hsecw
wuysfi --> ujtywk : syogv
ujtywk --> [*] : clida
@enduml