@startuml
hide empty description
state yibjfh
[*] --> yibjfh : yjyus
state pgkyzl <<fork>>
yibjfh --> pgkyzl : qfcbg
state gujegc <<join>>
pgkyzl --> trflpd : ukwq
trflpd --> rnjaxp : iyknx
rnjaxp --> yfrnff : lvveo
yfrnff --> zlghgj : zojzz
zlghgj --> gujegc : fmyyyit
pgkyzl --> gttwbe : gsfe
gttwbe --> xibxoj : pklln
xibxoj --> gujegc : bnwfmiy
gujegc --> adslex : mfnsl
state qskgcb <<choice>>
adslex --> qskgcb : rygsw
qskgcb --> broxwh : htbg
broxwh --> khjppy : gwjkk
khjppy --> xjtily : prmqciv
qskgcb --> vinsnq : iujv
vinsnq --> zvyipx : fepme
zvyipx --> xjtily : zuepnqc
qskgcb --> eitbxc : gloc
eitbxc --> vsvdlz : zzyjk
vsvdlz --> hydskx : eqyrd
hydskx --> xjtily : tdcfmej
xjtily --> sbyzvf : lrhhc
sbyzvf --> yeyrfd : xqmcj
yeyrfd --> reoeqs : aeztv
state semtvg <<fork>>
reoeqs --> semtvg : nntlv
state jnnhiz <<join>>
semtvg --> vihwpt : lygd
vihwpt --> llqwxb : jckyb
llqwxb --> gbjidx : yiytb
gbjidx --> jnnhiz : rtvkzny
semtvg --> bvihzo : xazo
bvihzo --> yjwfim : cvske
yjwfim --> qoivpc : sfoov
qoivpc --> bcjzyx : qfkea
bcjzyx --> jnnhiz : djfjtro
semtvg --> hatwbf : owru
hatwbf --> gmlxwb : mmpzv
gmlxwb --> jnnhiz : vixmwuk
jnnhiz --> vhilbi : qfefg
vhilbi --> dgtyjn : mdglp
@enduml