@startuml
hide empty description
state nhqnba
[*] --> nhqnba : xgqke
nhqnba --> gbsnyy : hsffd
state gbsnyy {
afrsbv --> kkaxhy : zgduv
kkaxhy --> [*] : iuxhf
}
gbsnyy --> uvlcim : pdtzq
state dovszi <<choice>>
uvlcim --> dovszi : unxcw
dovszi --> hgapmn : spni
hgapmn --> dlwbzk : ujxhk
dlwbzk --> cmdgqz : vlvjvet
dovszi --> uapezj : rpna
uapezj --> zdubsw : givat
zdubsw --> kpzdbj : kuntf
kpzdbj --> tyzbav : jsort
tyzbav --> cmdgqz : rnhuovy
state szsgdg <<choice>>
cmdgqz --> szsgdg : syzgu
szsgdg --> hbsagy : uwqi
hbsagy --> styhrv : jkqwn
styhrv --> rdalzw : xgdow
rdalzw --> epieeg : fnwpzfg
szsgdg --> hauuqz : tuli
hauuqz --> hnkheg : sjgmw
hnkheg --> epieeg : xazpkvy
szsgdg --> ylfudu : hqxz
ylfudu --> ulctfq : vyvog
ulctfq --> epieeg : pbbktdk
epieeg --> wibngu : aqbnt
wibngu --> [*] : axrec
@enduml