@startuml
state rkqchw
[*] --> rkqchw : petzy
rkqchw --> okdpir : tabmr
okdpir --> qvakhc : bmqvg
qvakhc --> dxlmoo : hfzfa
dxlmoo --> ouvdmz : pizrb
state ixloiv <<choice>>
ouvdmz --> ixloiv : guuml
ixloiv --> vjbyte : niww
vjbyte --> bowdms : mrfcr
bowdms --> jecvkd : wtmhy
jecvkd --> paebks : fhqepip
ixloiv --> ceqefq : tlan
ceqefq --> efwjkm : fpinv
efwjkm --> oxopuu : rcqec
oxopuu --> ybshwo : lbgac
ybshwo --> paebks : jaorypb
paebks --> jpbbyl : abhou
jpbbyl --> aptzha : mgsaj
aptzha --> lvdcxq : qiofc
lvdcxq --> tkprgg : orawk
tkprgg --> kjwnxt : inodl
kjwnxt --> reowmj : bnwgk
reowmj --> dynsoj : ewsku
dynsoj --> lhfhuo : leutz
lhfhuo --> jghzuu : aswfg
@enduml