@startuml
hide empty description
state ffbukq
[*] --> ffbukq : rkbnw
state ezmncj <<choice>>
ffbukq --> ezmncj : xqfjr
ezmncj --> fmffyq : whds
fmffyq --> adulhe : xhiux
adulhe --> nfgkit : uhejj
nfgkit --> stzrih : aiwtlwm
ezmncj --> rymuna : twrt
rymuna --> cjomrh : jmssy
cjomrh --> lmvivu : yakpv
lmvivu --> vmdtrn : mysvg
vmdtrn --> stzrih : qegzscl
state araqlp <<fork>>
stzrih --> araqlp : wngrx
state mpoews <<join>>
araqlp --> omacpk : xdcq
omacpk --> cpeysj : xxuhu
cpeysj --> mwzwdj : efnbt
mwzwdj --> mpoews : lsjftwr
araqlp --> kplgvq : hyhl
kplgvq --> ocdxkz : dmgzt
ocdxkz --> jfxnnz : ptpdb
jfxnnz --> yhlxpr : ptars
yhlxpr --> mpoews : copkolw
araqlp --> trvpte : uzwz
trvpte --> trglde : ndhmo
trglde --> uhtuye : zkfjl
uhtuye --> gjlhoz : kgvrk
gjlhoz --> mpoews : adxqoyv
mpoews --> dekyne : zkrvw
dekyne --> ptlpyh : vsswd
ptlpyh --> djulyu : ljzla
djulyu --> nlqnkb : dohtw
nlqnkb --> igkeqv : pwhjj
@enduml