@startuml
state csjgdw
[*] --> csjgdw : uqsac
csjgdw --> rzgpwq : zxjre
rzgpwq --> nytinb : nijsi
nytinb --> ihxicr : jxbzj
state diubej <<fork>>
ihxicr --> diubej : ectjo
state ihsxci <<join>>
diubej --> feutzr : frlr
feutzr --> pztjnr : gfkqa
pztjnr --> ihsxci : ymaeppx
diubej --> wvlvlw : cteo
wvlvlw --> ahpfxr : aavxt
ahpfxr --> rxtokl : nyebl
rxtokl --> ihsxci : sjuwjdz
diubej --> wmvjld : bwqn
wmvjld --> cjjcda : rbdus
cjjcda --> ihsxci : szycmkp
ihsxci --> rvmkbh : kskyh
rvmkbh --> jrzeaa : ssjxg
jrzeaa --> mjxkut : gpbvl
mjxkut --> sfqxry : cfnvx
sfqxry --> vyzclv : iymnl
state vyzclv {
vgnglq --> ugdubw : hkzof
ugdubw --> bglmvs : egwnx
}
vyzclv --> gffpnl : kfhny
gffpnl --> mqputg : mnnbp
mqputg --> honktq : kafaa
honktq --> rstbah : yuksq
rstbah --> tjrjhc : aszps
tjrjhc --> [*] : sbibc
@enduml