@startuml
state jblrov
[*] --> jblrov : dagkg
jblrov --> qtnwvf : jvfjk
state ibwalt <<choice>>
qtnwvf --> ibwalt : nyuig
ibwalt --> fasybh : tubu
fasybh --> bvtrec : mctcd
bvtrec --> kpqljo : hmvxv
kpqljo --> pfawxs : puisekx
ibwalt --> pwjsfb : aoxp
pwjsfb --> zozefv : eekzp
zozefv --> pfawxs : cimothv
pfawxs --> jfpsrd : qvrtw
state limyta <<choice>>
jfpsrd --> limyta : crqkq
limyta --> ngsuoj : kynx
ngsuoj --> ovxfvp : zcyww
ovxfvp --> ldatfh : qxbutci
limyta --> gwgrng : tnpa
gwgrng --> gzguds : fxamm
gzguds --> ldatfh : wmdaeng
ldatfh --> bhesgw : xdcbz
bhesgw --> gzspzq : jxgiq
gzspzq --> kodmwt : hwrue
kodmwt --> [*] : hamod
@enduml