@startuml
hide empty description
state jsyreh
jsyreh --> aiawcl : cyknj
state sbqxyw <<choice>>
aiawcl --> sbqxyw : atend
sbqxyw --> vvwdka : ddxt
vvwdka --> yanqkl : ulmrj
yanqkl --> funkqx : nrzpyqg
sbqxyw --> afpdzm : qieo
afpdzm --> evpufc : bwnlq
evpufc --> glqopy : scxsb
glqopy --> funkqx : fiyrnyy
sbqxyw --> navzvp : ywix
navzvp --> facwri : korrv
facwri --> henkol : rrakw
henkol --> blyfpy : xgcxg
blyfpy --> funkqx : rwfjdho
funkqx --> ssxmrf : gbzfm
ssxmrf --> ogfayn : dqiex
ogfayn --> ypvcun : pzgsi
state ousxjo <<fork>>
ypvcun --> ousxjo : epnag
state cwbamc <<join>>
ousxjo --> xgzfgd : jpll
xgzfgd --> nwlscg : jfnsp
nwlscg --> youlxc : gzlks
youlxc --> cwbamc : zxbjglg
ousxjo --> ibikmq : uegh
ibikmq --> gvbtdv : yxnid
gvbtdv --> cwbamc : vfbkslx
cwbamc --> sfrhvu : fenpy
sfrhvu --> [*] : czvxi
@enduml