@startuml
hide empty description
state jvqhne
[*] --> jvqhne : jxyya
jvqhne --> ntqwhy : fqbji
ntqwhy --> vdwxtk : xdmhr
state tzrytm <<fork>>
vdwxtk --> tzrytm : abeea
state oowmnz <<join>>
tzrytm --> kutnev : turc
kutnev --> skqbay : ykipp
skqbay --> oowmnz : mnxrigf
tzrytm --> arunou : nork
arunou --> yibpfr : ofdgi
yibpfr --> oowmnz : ovabikv
tzrytm --> cuynjt : jcrt
cuynjt --> wvtjbw : tpyfb
wvtjbw --> ojppsc : onoqo
ojppsc --> pzbuog : tzysy
pzbuog --> oowmnz : kbzwtvv
oowmnz --> uibsbq : ytqdr
uibsbq --> urjpfo : jmets
urjpfo --> kgabjm : fixlv
kgabjm --> mvvkpj : pqipu
mvvkpj --> erjlpl : uzkej
erjlpl --> bvgsom : ranla
bvgsom --> yqajmz : yvoln
yqajmz --> hfmrvr : epuad
hfmrvr --> tbscnd : ynkgr
tbscnd --> [*] : dytva
@enduml