@startuml
hide empty description
state chdkti
chdkti --> xsbavs : qixxe
state hdxhuv <<fork>>
xsbavs --> hdxhuv : rjljx
state zumrek <<join>>
hdxhuv --> ufcgkn : hvca
ufcgkn --> ckteyw : lejgp
ckteyw --> nmkqbk : iofeo
nmkqbk --> zumrek : tvzriiw
hdxhuv --> zoqpnj : sfve
zoqpnj --> vbykjz : ybrvv
vbykjz --> zumrek : rikoevc
hdxhuv --> jxfeed : mpnx
jxfeed --> gfblov : zcpum
gfblov --> qlsvfk : wftdq
qlsvfk --> nzgivm : ptbjz
nzgivm --> zumrek : wwhuxzu
zumrek --> xwtjcg : ntlsy
xwtjcg --> xaypwy : tjqku
xaypwy --> fgmnvn : ezejj
fgmnvn --> fsikjz : hzmow
fsikjz --> xyuaem : tzggz
@enduml