@startuml
state qkibwf
qkibwf --> wiamum : ckthc
wiamum --> ugzorx : yvcvz
ugzorx --> rowlyi : ngcvr
state ujiowg <<choice>>
rowlyi --> ujiowg : gfzzd
ujiowg --> asvwrw : ncor
asvwrw --> gipeqh : tbcfa
gipeqh --> bkpsno : qhsheeo
ujiowg --> siknmi : npta
siknmi --> vhsuqt : ghmxx
vhsuqt --> bkpsno : qacobad
ujiowg --> dkjtol : ziiq
dkjtol --> qqrrbz : cfemd
qqrrbz --> jrfhvu : donhy
jrfhvu --> bkpsno : ybtpytt
bkpsno --> sklvxu : ohaha
sklvxu --> gxkbcs : srrzs
state gxkbcs {
[*] --> dfpzht : lbklh
dfpzht --> acquwu : tzyjc
acquwu --> uonnty : giluj
uonnty --> [*] : dqcnd
}
state tuuvyp <<fork>>
gxkbcs --> tuuvyp : zrgkj
state sypykt <<join>>
tuuvyp --> krfdzl : zdsc
krfdzl --> ktfhuo : lvwxs
ktfhuo --> wkbscb : gcoop
wkbscb --> qehrnb : oujmm
qehrnb --> sypykt : gdlibmj
tuuvyp --> qnruwp : utwu
qnruwp --> aokjoq : bpdfs
aokjoq --> klvurf : rbwdm
klvurf --> sxjpnl : xczbi
sxjpnl --> sypykt : ndsftnr
tuuvyp --> bukwai : yxhg
bukwai --> xeaefe : yplic
xeaefe --> mqdrqk : ycuxj
mqdrqk --> izjzte : cpoek
izjzte --> sypykt : wgnfczt
sypykt --> ljlgmm : edppt
ljlgmm --> hzwyiq : ybxpd
hzwyiq --> lcmyyb : nujpn
lcmyyb --> vuqdpf : bgflw
vuqdpf --> jvcfnh : dgczl
jvcfnh --> dawuzn : iiznt
dawuzn --> komfqw : mupol
komfqw --> lwrjib : xiiwb
@enduml