@startuml
hide empty description
state hzezgf
hzezgf --> advkgt : vssqn
advkgt --> ovbrgn : aqngs
ovbrgn --> mkqfgu : yplba
mkqfgu --> hbkcsm : tvjic
hbkcsm --> wxzncr : xwyzt
wxzncr --> tsirot : joduc
state hhbugr <<choice>>
tsirot --> hhbugr : dyesv
hhbugr --> hombry : avad
hombry --> dpyxnn : jfkgz
dpyxnn --> iimkcj : zqukkmx
hhbugr --> rdyymu : dpjx
rdyymu --> zfptdi : xnmwt
zfptdi --> lzrbvx : dqeli
lzrbvx --> iimkcj : qpjiiid
iimkcj --> kashvl : bfhge
kashvl --> qjmeyp : ankgw
qjmeyp --> xefukh : xqaoh
xefukh --> gizqpu : oalbk
@enduml