@startuml
state knhpmx
state lfwxgp <<fork>>
knhpmx --> lfwxgp : dcjky
state vfmxlr <<join>>
lfwxgp --> rpbrnk : stoo
rpbrnk --> fzvlqy : yetls
fzvlqy --> vfmxlr : vdjmkbi
lfwxgp --> niotxo : lufy
niotxo --> tmmcex : qbhcl
tmmcex --> oebbcf : zmxbz
oebbcf --> vfmxlr : mnundde
state crvwqd <<choice>>
vfmxlr --> crvwqd : cbmyv
crvwqd --> vngrca : mrxk
vngrca --> blsfxn : eckpg
blsfxn --> shzjxc : hrwmo
shzjxc --> vuovpe : iphlz
vuovpe --> lrfgux : eaqvgkp
crvwqd --> cnalof : ymuy
cnalof --> mqaiuf : yysgg
mqaiuf --> uviiis : qqnmd
uviiis --> lrfgux : hjbrljl
crvwqd --> fyzdbc : mqiz
fyzdbc --> ovdgiq : bdgjl
ovdgiq --> ufxsvg : bytzx
ufxsvg --> xbzykn : fiiru
xbzykn --> lrfgux : csrpjio
lrfgux --> kfmmrp : tldnt
kfmmrp --> xmkafz : ygwna
xmkafz --> [*] : zvqfl
@enduml