@startuml
hide empty description
state qnbfyu
[*] --> qnbfyu : wqgab
qnbfyu --> umvcbo : ycvop
umvcbo --> hziqkc : ecdrm
hziqkc --> arskei : fmgtn
state wjbygf <<choice>>
arskei --> wjbygf : optcq
wjbygf --> bngwmg : sldh
bngwmg --> tfiffp : tcelz
tfiffp --> bpslqm : upmqgxq
wjbygf --> gzzyws : yftj
gzzyws --> kdhbek : nghqq
kdhbek --> vytfkx : kbpxs
vytfkx --> bpslqm : cruxsfl
bpslqm --> hodhrk : jmzuf
hodhrk --> ehgdyg : digzz
ehgdyg --> ozscpq : ugoen
ozscpq --> egicoa : suwck
egicoa --> nhuyeh : vnuii
nhuyeh --> [*] : kizko
@enduml