@startuml
hide empty description
state iuuvnc
iuuvnc --> cohvqw : lnlab
state idqqxf <<choice>>
cohvqw --> idqqxf : ovkbt
idqqxf --> igkmms : jhnh
igkmms --> pqowrq : enxua
pqowrq --> tgtxxy : ogdps
tgtxxy --> lfrsck : gszcr
lfrsck --> nmrqzq : czbupqy
idqqxf --> xzzahb : rkvk
xzzahb --> fuucwd : jvlqn
fuucwd --> fjygce : scabr
fjygce --> soidxj : rlzmq
soidxj --> nmrqzq : dnapiap
nmrqzq --> uisikw : rhdis
uisikw --> fzobny : jscic
state fzobny {
[*] --> qkxbul : nxgkm
qkxbul --> cqayla : gfbio
cqayla --> [*] : uhupr
}
fzobny --> cptgif : icgvh
cptgif --> itbthg : pqkuk
itbthg --> vpfjra : zwcdk
vpfjra --> jdjvik : oqjlc
jdjvik --> lrcixi : bfizt
@enduml