@startuml
hide empty description
state wdhwnk
[*] --> wdhwnk : ftvic
wdhwnk --> gieezx : saeuq
state higzqf <<fork>>
gieezx --> higzqf : diffp
state lcgojz <<join>>
higzqf --> krvvoa : fmzb
krvvoa --> qftcgo : idldj
qftcgo --> mwzdxn : uyfsd
mwzdxn --> dnjtft : fujxn
dnjtft --> lcgojz : axyizwr
higzqf --> nqabuk : uvqm
nqabuk --> xsvvbg : fijzp
xsvvbg --> vorymm : bojbj
vorymm --> icknnn : orwpu
icknnn --> lcgojz : zfvbkkr
higzqf --> yvxdqk : bjuk
yvxdqk --> cbrwok : fdnyi
cbrwok --> lcgojz : gzjihza
lcgojz --> nlnknt : ylhjv
nlnknt --> vwgndy : efkea
vwgndy --> ipvipo : fmjqm
ipvipo --> asqquy : efpvx
asqquy --> gqswud : wnlyq
@enduml