@startuml
state tpylqq
tpylqq --> tlydox : egfqj
tlydox --> nwhajz : sziyw
nwhajz --> esrrbh : nqlav
esrrbh --> qjgrys : vrnzc
state qjgrys {
jysqxc --> ojrtzo : ddxie
ojrtzo --> [*] : bpgbs
}
qjgrys --> lztwnz : yrjak
state ortres <<choice>>
lztwnz --> ortres : peocs
ortres --> tipsyq : qluj
tipsyq --> bspkbf : glcgx
bspkbf --> rhpyhq : bipultd
ortres --> jffagw : dhtq
jffagw --> mcwqbg : qmqnp
mcwqbg --> rhpyhq : cfhhvoa
ortres --> bofrwy : uilh
bofrwy --> yimdhu : rvlcp
yimdhu --> knnoha : kuzgw
knnoha --> pimyqb : jjrul
pimyqb --> rhpyhq : dxcfppr
rhpyhq --> uwxodf : kfysp
state fdkoot <<choice>>
uwxodf --> fdkoot : akutx
fdkoot --> vpajco : mced
vpajco --> wgwmjs : jrfdx
wgwmjs --> scczjh : iqpiiad
fdkoot --> kwbpss : csjr
kwbpss --> nhtzyz : qgwyl
nhtzyz --> tarsyd : uyryo
tarsyd --> scczjh : bpixkym
scczjh --> [*] : hfzda
@enduml