@startuml
state ptrvtx
[*] --> ptrvtx : rqhor
ptrvtx --> fzucst : neyor
fzucst --> afrrmg : anhco
afrrmg --> ancgyr : rhmyg
ancgyr --> cbuqmd : jfdmg
cbuqmd --> ygmgvh : prrnm
state zktnre <<fork>>
ygmgvh --> zktnre : gapbk
state losbin <<join>>
zktnre --> louslx : indq
louslx --> trilfx : xqhji
trilfx --> pklwiq : xdiuw
pklwiq --> losbin : rovkxxd
zktnre --> dlcdms : tokv
dlcdms --> xdfatv : teqap
xdfatv --> myugyw : lplnf
myugyw --> losbin : bgflmof
state jqaavq <<choice>>
losbin --> jqaavq : qfgwc
jqaavq --> tzhxao : ddbr
tzhxao --> drailf : nxrvk
drailf --> ifnasc : eiuxnaq
jqaavq --> ssckgs : kecm
ssckgs --> naylve : unxga
naylve --> ifnasc : ddefhhr
ifnasc --> ycytrl : gyqaw
ycytrl --> oymrdp : oeabz
oymrdp --> tqbroy : fxpxy
state tqbroy {
[*] --> juocsi : whdiw
juocsi --> rpkdat : fddxz
rpkdat --> olqogg : lkttg
olqogg --> msirhb : jxjli
msirhb --> [*] : wqnfe
}
@enduml