@startuml
hide empty description
state qypovc
[*] --> qypovc : zxojt
qypovc --> hzgmpb : gqmyy
hzgmpb --> czfnmh : onnpa
czfnmh --> lzanlw : azagh
state lzanlw {
imewhz --> obsmhy : nbomr
obsmhy --> vqtfql : hrvnp
vqtfql --> [*] : vooqj
}
lzanlw --> mhdeiq : sglqw
mhdeiq --> rvqxen : gwldv
rvqxen --> aadodx : snlyv
aadodx --> pawbbk : anfan
state penwcf <<choice>>
pawbbk --> penwcf : xlyzj
penwcf --> hvtosw : qcrg
hvtosw --> wvfplk : ghikk
wvfplk --> dkxahb : nrtvx
dkxahb --> sykhay : cxzjj
sykhay --> nxshvf : ujbhovc
penwcf --> pxrnwi : xflk
pxrnwi --> qiuwdq : ymcti
qiuwdq --> hqfvqe : dnmpy
hqfvqe --> btukbg : izncq
btukbg --> nxshvf : ghvbzua
penwcf --> gvyxky : yigr
gvyxky --> poypid : kpquv
poypid --> pnpxpg : yfvcy
pnpxpg --> nxshvf : qvhrglx
nxshvf --> scbuhb : bbilc
scbuhb --> ynvdcf : rmjyo
ynvdcf --> [*] : yldnn
@enduml