@startuml
hide empty description
state aytmic
aytmic --> piohft : vkuzq
piohft --> thpvii : xmish
thpvii --> tnalyr : uhbwq
state sbdzor <<fork>>
tnalyr --> sbdzor : ktagg
state vzfoev <<join>>
sbdzor --> jeylno : tnek
jeylno --> skonwy : vmsgq
skonwy --> vzfoev : fwvshly
sbdzor --> rdstow : idxb
rdstow --> lzhqpk : enmqg
lzhqpk --> kelogl : fdmcq
kelogl --> vzfoev : rspfnqv
vzfoev --> gxymuz : tuzcx
gxymuz --> gvbgkz : vizoc
gvbgkz --> tqnbrx : aoiar
tqnbrx --> xnreui : pqecw
xnreui --> krdvac : rndug
krdvac --> golyib : ezwoi
golyib --> qdatls : mqtqz
qdatls --> [*] : zsnih
@enduml