@startuml
hide empty description
state yszyqg
yszyqg --> dqpnzx : huefm
dqpnzx --> tzwjvi : hpmfa
state tzwjvi {
krgfqt --> tnregj : sfsqs
tnregj --> awlnxl : demrq
awlnxl --> scjrjz : lswuv
scjrjz --> [*] : boikq
}
tzwjvi --> mfghei : ftmkm
mfghei --> xzkaap : xwiah
xzkaap --> bytdwb : gyfeh
bytdwb --> djlitw : vyzhk
state vbwlyk <<choice>>
djlitw --> vbwlyk : twynf
vbwlyk --> tyzuxk : nlzw
tyzuxk --> gadyhq : zrjsx
gadyhq --> vdyfer : hkjgs
vdyfer --> minyml : hebxpqo
vbwlyk --> zxipzg : bkcb
zxipzg --> rvnzlt : rncsa
rvnzlt --> aejkgp : aetff
aejkgp --> minyml : vodzvri
minyml --> akdsbe : uffxh
state akdsbe {
pseaej --> axblnn : cxozf
axblnn --> [*] : axrtx
}
@enduml