@startuml
state nerqol
nerqol --> kqdzej : haptg
kqdzej --> njoccu : hmdee
njoccu --> vfrgkw : cuvdj
vfrgkw --> abbsfm : rcift
state zciefh <<choice>>
abbsfm --> zciefh : jbcbh
zciefh --> zieknl : mtpp
zieknl --> gkzucf : ctbjl
gkzucf --> hrblqe : oisdhxl
zciefh --> dhsdqk : lreb
dhsdqk --> adisyn : ixtba
adisyn --> hrblqe : degorqe
zciefh --> rpbqvj : zrgf
rpbqvj --> pchtsa : zxcfp
pchtsa --> jcuewp : wphnx
jcuewp --> hrblqe : ifzrzwz
hrblqe --> ntgcix : ynrce
ntgcix --> hbxmrd : xewtp
hbxmrd --> ydodrz : zcrus
state wgsqdx <<choice>>
ydodrz --> wgsqdx : defjs
wgsqdx --> stydig : xgfn
stydig --> vgzjvq : ezqvi
vgzjvq --> vtofda : ztbvu
vtofda --> enswhc : ixyxrsq
wgsqdx --> ukysyh : wzyk
ukysyh --> bmhucc : rsxkb
bmhucc --> iuhrxf : jgwyr
iuhrxf --> fpjamp : rmqzd
fpjamp --> enswhc : gpqshtj
enswhc --> hkguwi : btpsl
hkguwi --> ctgvff : jpser
ctgvff --> jymtta : yarkx
jymtta --> cdvysq : mzmnm
cdvysq --> xhtaun : bujfe
xhtaun --> [*] : dbuon
@enduml