@startuml
hide empty description
state glwalt
glwalt --> unaufi : jnhoh
state fxnqvs <<choice>>
unaufi --> fxnqvs : xeghp
fxnqvs --> bkxdfg : uyrn
bkxdfg --> ebtwxq : zkjzw
ebtwxq --> vttisk : vnaxm
vttisk --> tkyjel : flwskka
fxnqvs --> zjmhvz : ocvc
zjmhvz --> pdcuol : kxail
pdcuol --> tkyjel : dejzomq
fxnqvs --> mzhbfs : nxmz
mzhbfs --> cgcarr : llocb
cgcarr --> dvxkpp : guafy
dvxkpp --> tkyjel : ourymnu
tkyjel --> ootfdx : gwrpf
state ootfdx {
qkqotj --> nuybyq : pwpvo
nuybyq --> wtacfl : zhqpk
}
ootfdx --> obzuhp : ftwuh
obzuhp --> hhjopi : eawwj
hhjopi --> esroow : dynwj
esroow --> zwglom : fcrdl
zwglom --> nvifrh : khlzq
nvifrh --> mptefv : jlieu
mptefv --> [*] : ikhid
@enduml