@startuml
hide empty description
state kjfrwt
[*] --> kjfrwt : zxkif
kjfrwt --> iiiwrj : etomt
iiiwrj --> fvdskr : omkoh
fvdskr --> fqcyfi : lejbo
fqcyfi --> uxynwe : jdjxy
uxynwe --> vybibv : pdmoe
vybibv --> gtwkem : efqsy
gtwkem --> kpjxjr : taktv
kpjxjr --> hsmexn : npmet
hsmexn --> jkivvl : zerxu
state zohlno <<choice>>
jkivvl --> zohlno : zhugs
zohlno --> ojtsef : iljs
ojtsef --> wlxyle : ojtny
wlxyle --> cydgas : gnqxj
cydgas --> dolcvs : ocbuv
dolcvs --> pncazw : meelgst
zohlno --> rsszmp : ojrg
rsszmp --> xlyrkq : jpgni
xlyrkq --> nvcfgk : kktzt
nvcfgk --> fvcslr : chaos
fvcslr --> pncazw : rhrjsvs
zohlno --> xpaszx : hgto
xpaszx --> zpdfwj : dmwdw
zpdfwj --> pncazw : dntvifw
state xjvxxj <<choice>>
pncazw --> xjvxxj : qodcf
xjvxxj --> gbxzth : zyya
gbxzth --> igkrnp : xeqza
igkrnp --> uzyhza : ocpzm
uzyhza --> bmvpvo : qeohyan
xjvxxj --> bxvaxt : lbsz
bxvaxt --> nsjlcn : ftqmh
nsjlcn --> houmni : uzlsi
houmni --> bmvpvo : fykkjvq
xjvxxj --> zubsak : gxud
zubsak --> mcugyh : cobip
mcugyh --> jnlcdw : nmnto
jnlcdw --> rhnpdk : jdjvy
rhnpdk --> bmvpvo : daeyfbf
bmvpvo --> tngttw : npwiu
state tngttw {
[*] --> fdmxxz : mmeif
fdmxxz --> jolccw : lkdfr
jolccw --> okqonp : wdoyu
}
tngttw --> tjmurf : mpplm
tjmurf --> [*] : mpmjh
@enduml