@startuml
hide empty description
state vhrhoy
[*] --> vhrhoy : ljlkk
vhrhoy --> pniupl : hgfta
state ymphoa <<choice>>
pniupl --> ymphoa : gksbp
ymphoa --> kktnbe : hzmd
kktnbe --> fwfjks : pcgkl
fwfjks --> befxhf : lhgkg
befxhf --> zzpdwi : ptpsz
zzpdwi --> ezgeil : crtiigu
ymphoa --> reetcq : nyjo
reetcq --> fqaxux : vvrdv
fqaxux --> jshiur : phjvj
jshiur --> ezgeil : xtqfhgq
ymphoa --> hkonmp : ujbs
hkonmp --> bkonnl : rwggr
bkonnl --> ibkfqq : jjcuo
ibkfqq --> ezgeil : bynffcy
state fvjemk <<choice>>
ezgeil --> fvjemk : qmpei
fvjemk --> xcxpli : ckuh
xcxpli --> rvqbto : wnsfq
rvqbto --> zganai : ujbdx
zganai --> qiycin : entwqxq
fvjemk --> koookj : auzr
koookj --> hrlwju : ytlkn
hrlwju --> qiycin : epneqho
qiycin --> xcijlb : haryq
xcijlb --> kjhpyo : qmwsp
kjhpyo --> ykxcjj : lzfat
ykxcjj --> udkjix : jszjy
udkjix --> vrtknk : pxjbd
state vrtknk {
teddni --> gqiubp : kwbor
gqiubp --> [*] : yhzpv
}
vrtknk --> pcojlf : jwcej
state pydjiz <<choice>>
pcojlf --> pydjiz : mesea
pydjiz --> xujsuu : vtre
xujsuu --> ihdtmb : kyuty
ihdtmb --> mksxga : lqfqx
mksxga --> gfwxev : mvukfuw
pydjiz --> iaguvs : flya
iaguvs --> rmbhgp : ncfir
rmbhgp --> jxeopk : trmaf
jxeopk --> gfwxev : kyfdtws
gfwxev --> fssptl : tjddk
fssptl --> kkbdxe : vvzph
state kkbdxe {
[*] --> sszrxs : xdfcb
sszrxs --> flihmy : amomh
flihmy --> [*] : kjgqj
}
kkbdxe --> alsttj : ekxyb
alsttj --> [*] : inhyj
@enduml