@startuml
state jclxvg
[*] --> jclxvg : lwgmj
jclxvg --> tduurf : deppr
tduurf --> xmzpzn : ubjzh
xmzpzn --> cqoidi : hbhov
cqoidi --> mohkij : dkalc
mohkij --> zpvvyn : xomsa
zpvvyn --> dhogmv : asbpz
dhogmv --> tmbcph : myfzj
tmbcph --> uxqljj : gpvbx
uxqljj --> cscoor : amjyx
cscoor --> trxnsz : usyfc
trxnsz --> rgpcys : aorxe
rgpcys --> cfiuoq : btyml
state nsmumh <<choice>>
cfiuoq --> nsmumh : uqcqf
nsmumh --> qovhjg : tlaj
qovhjg --> jnazqs : zuhsj
jnazqs --> ghlame : utfng
ghlame --> rmfcqp : gmyxa
rmfcqp --> tlpnyn : sjfjobe
nsmumh --> noxadj : cpxn
noxadj --> fpusep : fmosm
fpusep --> xbjxaj : erhxr
xbjxaj --> eeilhw : qhtmt
eeilhw --> tlpnyn : mpqqqou
tlpnyn --> junpxp : cihco
junpxp --> [*] : wlzoj
@enduml