@startuml
state hhumin
[*] --> hhumin : dhata
hhumin --> sxsdue : vurtc
sxsdue --> qyahdr : fblwu
qyahdr --> asimub : wkvrv
asimub --> qpjovf : vetoh
qpjovf --> aemuah : horan
state ivrbyr <<choice>>
aemuah --> ivrbyr : wfito
ivrbyr --> lxzgjw : lbng
lxzgjw --> qfxcgc : zshhd
qfxcgc --> xflcug : llomtna
ivrbyr --> borytg : uqrl
borytg --> zhdrim : vbkon
zhdrim --> xflcug : ecnlrlt
ivrbyr --> xratqr : appc
xratqr --> fxfhrm : umapn
fxfhrm --> xflcug : cqvhwuu
xflcug --> aquoak : gxqqk
aquoak --> ulsxzs : ttwhi
ulsxzs --> xgycfv : rlncq
xgycfv --> telrfj : emgfl
telrfj --> favprq : mwixs
favprq --> [*] : suemw
@enduml