@startuml
state iokqyh
iokqyh --> wulrsz : pyuma
state menpwd <<fork>>
wulrsz --> menpwd : oxuam
state hzrkwa <<join>>
menpwd --> xpbwoy : uiho
xpbwoy --> wftrdp : eqirv
wftrdp --> sbdqka : rkwoa
sbdqka --> hzrkwa : xzyxtzd
menpwd --> vkpcom : jffm
vkpcom --> orhfps : igxjc
orhfps --> btqiuz : ceoyy
btqiuz --> venxmo : mhroq
venxmo --> hzrkwa : huemfam
menpwd --> ndnbir : uylf
ndnbir --> eehhmi : wzhqg
eehhmi --> mqxdyz : xmuex
mqxdyz --> dkwsbf : jouvy
dkwsbf --> hzrkwa : dvkhrlh
state cucral <<fork>>
hzrkwa --> cucral : quukw
state xgopze <<join>>
cucral --> psphmm : zqfi
psphmm --> qloezv : fuogq
qloezv --> pnvvwe : fulvs
pnvvwe --> xgopze : yeyiakp
cucral --> ithkpd : vjla
ithkpd --> wofsby : ynjwf
wofsby --> eqapop : wwvyw
eqapop --> xgopze : xgshbdi
state yybjjb <<choice>>
xgopze --> yybjjb : aepvj
yybjjb --> uvzwqr : edkl
uvzwqr --> firxuw : impdg
firxuw --> afdcgn : jbwsr
afdcgn --> aveyxn : rauje
aveyxn --> ylpvxd : kwjysch
yybjjb --> idtdhb : fwjl
idtdhb --> lypfdw : gqjpv
lypfdw --> luladm : isvzq
luladm --> ylpvxd : kftwdmp
yybjjb --> auvxcu : jumi
auvxcu --> gfirgr : hoahd
gfirgr --> ipsijy : moyeq
ipsijy --> tndyda : aowtp
tndyda --> ylpvxd : efgfswu
ylpvxd --> qaypto : pxsjh
state egkvba <<fork>>
qaypto --> egkvba : injdp
state vhobpi <<join>>
egkvba --> dkebqh : egqx
dkebqh --> mofyzt : xduaw
mofyzt --> bfzvqi : dzhjt
bfzvqi --> xmsiha : zhgis
xmsiha --> vhobpi : shppbqz
egkvba --> omstob : aarp
omstob --> jevalr : mrxqf
jevalr --> vhobpi : fkkqjhx
egkvba --> wrcfnw : uiai
wrcfnw --> rzfvra : dbmrp
rzfvra --> vhobpi : edqwhfa
vhobpi --> tciftl : qafeg
state mgcocl <<choice>>
tciftl --> mgcocl : vvjou
mgcocl --> rkuwge : yocd
rkuwge --> yesgrf : rxdhx
yesgrf --> ywbyaa : boizs
ywbyaa --> rgdeed : rqekr
rgdeed --> dxdntf : vnonwuw
mgcocl --> uoesxv : ezro
uoesxv --> tgponr : iavze
tgponr --> gjnpvp : kodes
gjnpvp --> dxdntf : dwtnbxk
dxdntf --> adxzvt : tnqgj
adxzvt --> bzgydp : foyps
bzgydp --> vcqctl : lttll
vcqctl --> pradgc : rtnsc
pradgc --> acafol : dfwcw
state acafol {
qqsgyy --> rlqtrb : frxfe
rlqtrb --> agdqhh : nfyiv
agdqhh --> mzdofh : zjcdz
}
acafol --> pqercm : jnfps
pqercm --> rrsvoy : gxzzh
rrsvoy --> [*] : amqqi
@enduml