@startuml
state wvqbkh
state bbjuhj <<fork>>
wvqbkh --> bbjuhj : fdeaa
state zsnird <<join>>
bbjuhj --> eukwvt : dbff
eukwvt --> chqvnx : lfsxe
chqvnx --> wetcah : sjbav
wetcah --> zsnird : fswpzgx
bbjuhj --> kkjbww : xxlr
kkjbww --> gcjnqz : sijgv
gcjnqz --> hnzwvj : hvoku
hnzwvj --> zsnird : rhfjbgz
bbjuhj --> ivskll : gyzk
ivskll --> iziwuv : kgtss
iziwuv --> cenyqy : xomhk
cenyqy --> zsnird : vnbjixt
zsnird --> losozo : gwwfp
state kmfoxl <<choice>>
losozo --> kmfoxl : hthwr
kmfoxl --> txefno : tfoc
txefno --> tdlhvw : pakao
tdlhvw --> wftaym : itodz
wftaym --> oetcoo : wzurcuv
kmfoxl --> msqcwr : lgei
msqcwr --> cmzxem : uaxvd
cmzxem --> rtqniu : evtys
rtqniu --> uinsgh : cnxjz
uinsgh --> oetcoo : vofhjsj
state phiqzl <<choice>>
oetcoo --> phiqzl : ekvdg
phiqzl --> islrft : dvdc
islrft --> fntuwn : gagye
fntuwn --> twsilo : aqrne
twsilo --> ctpuyy : wdfnhrr
phiqzl --> obibmk : cnvc
obibmk --> qhsatc : jwhhp
qhsatc --> tqodrp : fuiqn
tqodrp --> ctpuyy : lijeqpn
phiqzl --> degoaz : bfnc
degoaz --> hwlijo : espcg
hwlijo --> ctpuyy : ngnbbdp
ctpuyy --> [*] : mghgf
@enduml