@startuml
state nywfik
[*] --> nywfik : cmzbj
nywfik --> oxvbry : qfdfk
oxvbry --> hrlyjt : kwpnr
hrlyjt --> lngdtz : rbdld
state svspvz <<fork>>
lngdtz --> svspvz : pikpl
state idjvbs <<join>>
svspvz --> yrhkti : hphv
yrhkti --> porimx : vydun
porimx --> brpfub : eeomw
brpfub --> wsphad : hugaf
wsphad --> idjvbs : ooeiyzu
svspvz --> cqgnnm : uqlp
cqgnnm --> zgihdm : vckxv
zgihdm --> shzplw : ohwgq
shzplw --> hshzic : usxdu
hshzic --> idjvbs : qvzqbrf
svspvz --> gdrqng : betx
gdrqng --> aefxek : fjuxu
aefxek --> idjvbs : vkxjwmz
@enduml