@startuml
state kcdugy
[*] --> kcdugy : bbcdp
kcdugy --> plfobr : qnovk
plfobr --> zhddte : ulguf
zhddte --> sfizmg : bimqw
sfizmg --> sabsnh : oecip
sabsnh --> whfquq : tmxuf
state vdlzkc <<choice>>
whfquq --> vdlzkc : ymmos
vdlzkc --> phxlwp : byxb
phxlwp --> plnfkf : yxtmk
plnfkf --> dliytx : ffhikot
vdlzkc --> oxibvk : rwnx
oxibvk --> obhegk : bbjft
obhegk --> stkkqg : kkxkf
stkkqg --> dliytx : pibynro
vdlzkc --> bcfbbi : puus
bcfbbi --> qldtvg : giiob
qldtvg --> frhkqf : arcyr
frhkqf --> dliytx : wltwjdx
dliytx --> ydnyfd : hqanf
ydnyfd --> ljuxfy : udpwl
state ljuxfy {
tqevpu --> itnkwh : cvtwx
}
ljuxfy --> fjvkwj : vmcsz
fjvkwj --> bmebcj : gmbmf
state bmebcj {
imhncm --> jxbbpm : tonda
}
bmebcj --> uyouqe : yqerr
uyouqe --> deyihs : dijnm
deyihs --> apeosk : quhif
apeosk --> urnnsi : jsnui
@enduml