@startuml
state rcsvra
[*] --> rcsvra : cggee
state fbqsfi <<fork>>
rcsvra --> fbqsfi : uzbvd
state rloigq <<join>>
fbqsfi --> bpjdvu : eugx
bpjdvu --> mkcdxg : kxarl
mkcdxg --> bzwljd : eulxd
bzwljd --> qorvgh : zojeq
qorvgh --> rloigq : yabhudc
fbqsfi --> lvtaej : yuvm
lvtaej --> tynlme : dtgzu
tynlme --> rloigq : dhfeypq
fbqsfi --> lcyqcz : jxnu
lcyqcz --> vnkdzv : gtkrn
vnkdzv --> dynkgt : imdwn
dynkgt --> rloigq : gxsxkxh
rloigq --> mrthmg : hrtgp
mrthmg --> mbmyiw : vyjmx
state rqebfo <<fork>>
mbmyiw --> rqebfo : vhqdb
state fgsiyk <<join>>
rqebfo --> elndkz : cfkm
elndkz --> phlpik : zykpw
phlpik --> cqwvgd : iharh
cqwvgd --> fgsiyk : brwcmoi
rqebfo --> ozpacn : kdag
ozpacn --> eggdie : wepam
eggdie --> fgsiyk : jybxduq
fgsiyk --> uvazoq : ijnwt
state uvazoq {
[*] --> njwtjz : ynawp
njwtjz --> heepfu : hbnpx
heepfu --> [*] : ytibb
}
uvazoq --> srkusd : nblnf
srkusd --> hhtpll : chvxv
state bfdxzw <<choice>>
hhtpll --> bfdxzw : fucxw
bfdxzw --> jzsxuk : hqnu
jzsxuk --> wjgjcs : zuaad
wjgjcs --> dalbxm : ivpxexb
bfdxzw --> gjopbm : ppvy
gjopbm --> kkpzkr : bnoaj
kkpzkr --> dnpzwz : tnuuc
dnpzwz --> dalbxm : dirstmm
bfdxzw --> uvsdou : ufyj
uvsdou --> qogmly : wdnoe
qogmly --> jyauhe : wsjgp
jyauhe --> yayyzx : iegtf
yayyzx --> dalbxm : txjxiww
dalbxm --> [*] : mqbyq
@enduml