@startuml
hide empty description
state dxprep
dxprep --> khmkvd : tasqz
khmkvd --> gxoilc : etfru
gxoilc --> agesiy : dfwhi
agesiy --> zdtalh : lwinr
zdtalh --> xnsgsb : jalvw
state rduidx <<choice>>
xnsgsb --> rduidx : jatng
rduidx --> cozmgm : ydzg
cozmgm --> hbkpnw : huadw
hbkpnw --> uppjjl : xbdudqj
rduidx --> rwkzrh : sitv
rwkzrh --> hboocc : abgpo
hboocc --> sfgwvv : gbjfx
sfgwvv --> tratjn : hjzer
tratjn --> uppjjl : worubkx
rduidx --> fayrnm : pkyr
fayrnm --> iueahs : uukas
iueahs --> bogizo : kshjh
bogizo --> rnqctq : lsdks
rnqctq --> uppjjl : bmndixa
state pcqpfb <<fork>>
uppjjl --> pcqpfb : mvcnq
state kdmozb <<join>>
pcqpfb --> ajuzsf : jufl
ajuzsf --> ppxtni : rbtel
ppxtni --> jujpss : dflta
jujpss --> giaijg : fqrib
giaijg --> kdmozb : meluika
pcqpfb --> sasndp : retp
sasndp --> uppqtu : tuquq
uppqtu --> nlgmna : lkjro
nlgmna --> kdmozb : dgkjvbd
pcqpfb --> alduzg : iohp
alduzg --> ybpwxb : sxksq
ybpwxb --> eocqds : qcztb
eocqds --> jfyqhw : oqsli
jfyqhw --> kdmozb : jlcbnax
kdmozb --> fanirh : zxpsz
fanirh --> [*] : ahjlc
@enduml