@startuml
hide empty description
state kcmchw
[*] --> kcmchw : haapx
kcmchw --> inysjs : yytfb
state inysjs {
uewppl --> kfymwe : sizym
kfymwe --> dhydca : nyhdg
}
inysjs --> psaeju : bdqfn
psaeju --> amgiib : edans
amgiib --> tjwncp : plbum
tjwncp --> dqxvpm : gcpfj
dqxvpm --> jvhhze : oiuik
state jvhhze {
[*] --> uuqecx : bjiiz
uuqecx --> sncpzd : xhkoj
sncpzd --> iqktsg : wfupj
iqktsg --> hffjrm : ocjfb
hffjrm --> [*] : vmsto
}
jvhhze --> ufgoco : zbeuf
ufgoco --> eibbst : seqyk
state rdshmz <<fork>>
eibbst --> rdshmz : lwyvq
state rnbyjt <<join>>
rdshmz --> webfvj : zobj
webfvj --> mnyptq : pqjml
mnyptq --> rnbyjt : xkmtkmi
rdshmz --> tzrvhc : bzew
tzrvhc --> vazvzg : gtucb
vazvzg --> ptazcz : vtcve
ptazcz --> sctxps : rhfjn
sctxps --> rnbyjt : joucpvo
rnbyjt --> pcejbc : epssb
pcejbc --> sqkcai : cbjqn
state bjcxmd <<choice>>
sqkcai --> bjcxmd : phaxy
bjcxmd --> roeety : ktss
roeety --> ciluly : biwuy
ciluly --> joymwb : iweus
joymwb --> vardqw : ensbp
vardqw --> nwqwas : xiwithm
bjcxmd --> cfxqpo : qlvc
cfxqpo --> plnnqy : wntkr
plnnqy --> oopwja : emyov
oopwja --> nwqwas : bhwtocr
bjcxmd --> yrqopz : oszm
yrqopz --> iumvos : colkp
iumvos --> nwqwas : kvkeqou
nwqwas --> moakgc : lrafy
@enduml