@startuml
state rtohvv
rtohvv --> xarmga : qnqzq
xarmga --> pgueqb : rvtfj
state zgfokh <<choice>>
pgueqb --> zgfokh : itajy
zgfokh --> pkqgqn : chdr
pkqgqn --> azheol : xjauc
azheol --> pbksfw : rayxvyr
zgfokh --> ehalbz : aleg
ehalbz --> nagqwq : nnckl
nagqwq --> psbbpn : wbhbt
psbbpn --> pbksfw : gwnrhpw
pbksfw --> ktqqmv : cbpia
ktqqmv --> skruxk : nvvif
skruxk --> rjdezc : wzvff
rjdezc --> gphdfl : hxzdr
gphdfl --> trkrrj : mzyuv
state trkrrj {
[*] --> mxrnxd : xpawd
mxrnxd --> mcegsw : qejyq
mcegsw --> nfxcxo : qrdul
}
trkrrj --> jscctv : qjbzw
jscctv --> sokrzn : fddvc
sokrzn --> [*] : ievcz
@enduml