@startuml
state cynywk
cynywk --> kbhuuk : nlvih
state nywujq <<choice>>
kbhuuk --> nywujq : fpdmq
nywujq --> uepbmd : kfvg
uepbmd --> nyuutd : fmuls
nyuutd --> fpzniu : trfhb
fpzniu --> etstqo : phtnlii
nywujq --> pcrxnu : ejlc
pcrxnu --> tcwggv : mazlu
tcwggv --> iqmchc : zskdl
iqmchc --> etstqo : ttqgnqz
nywujq --> qhzmlz : fgbw
qhzmlz --> wzdzcg : ygtka
wzdzcg --> etstqo : hpoyelv
etstqo --> bmghlv : koxba
bmghlv --> zftlre : udzym
zftlre --> ofetww : gjqkp
ofetww --> ktdvtn : ynddx
ktdvtn --> gkejwc : xgxbc
gkejwc --> irdpfs : folzh
irdpfs --> wqpdag : nlyla
wqpdag --> fofqlu : fbvvn
fofqlu --> dveejh : phkua
dveejh --> fyhlid : zfzpc
fyhlid --> hjojqk : fnlcb
hjojqk --> ffugxu : wjesz
ffugxu --> almzhr : diyuw
state almzhr {
[*] --> upomtr : izgbh
upomtr --> iwotvn : salap
iwotvn --> dtbwqv : cocux
dtbwqv --> xyssht : ybrhd
xyssht --> [*] : voupk
}
@enduml