@startuml
hide empty description
state kzelbu
[*] --> kzelbu : qngzs
state jrtokp <<fork>>
kzelbu --> jrtokp : hldaa
state rcdyuw <<join>>
jrtokp --> tqyhlq : ogrd
tqyhlq --> itwyov : sgaqe
itwyov --> rcdyuw : dsszits
jrtokp --> xaviey : msyi
xaviey --> pporbw : twysy
pporbw --> ulqudz : sfwjn
ulqudz --> slndxx : vwtgj
slndxx --> rcdyuw : eewzuka
jrtokp --> xikqoi : aord
xikqoi --> vabsgq : iamsh
vabsgq --> vjmmbd : xgnrv
vjmmbd --> rcdyuw : qngkqqx
state olwkpf <<choice>>
rcdyuw --> olwkpf : bwzix
olwkpf --> vqxyfp : kewy
vqxyfp --> raxljj : ujvxo
raxljj --> pczvqd : ewbuedn
olwkpf --> itymmx : nnjr
itymmx --> cabtjm : eppmq
cabtjm --> hqlmxc : ucjhk
hqlmxc --> pczvqd : rtmnbll
olwkpf --> ngyovz : otnf
ngyovz --> jhibrf : pyewf
jhibrf --> jogusq : nbaow
jogusq --> mqdoag : qgten
mqdoag --> pczvqd : hfqyhkr
pczvqd --> fdyzcx : uczak
fdyzcx --> degulb : ucvrq
degulb --> awarzt : mvnuv
awarzt --> ilvzil : xzpcj
@enduml