@startuml
hide empty description
state mnuyfa
[*] --> mnuyfa : cqlwr
mnuyfa --> unpbox : rzolf
state gbkiov <<choice>>
unpbox --> gbkiov : voakx
gbkiov --> jlhxtl : iltf
jlhxtl --> hfsyll : hzuzk
hfsyll --> mozffk : mtcxjtn
gbkiov --> rughda : izxn
rughda --> mrvpfv : axpeu
mrvpfv --> mozffk : gtfpxcu
mozffk --> rbwnlh : ifpdi
state eoztdr <<choice>>
rbwnlh --> eoztdr : ituao
eoztdr --> yialph : sorr
yialph --> zsaaod : tppki
zsaaod --> ajawrq : boffx
ajawrq --> ybfjbc : wuwkmzx
eoztdr --> enbgjd : bqsy
enbgjd --> bqiefz : nesbx
bqiefz --> ybfjbc : aczswjs
eoztdr --> bmnsug : afov
bmnsug --> mmmtrx : qjtrb
mmmtrx --> ybfjbc : nunnygp
ybfjbc --> rkjlky : qbqdx
@enduml