@startuml
hide empty description
state fmvozo
fmvozo --> yuisin : eglce
yuisin --> owmdfx : hricc
owmdfx --> ndkbzc : lbqnl
ndkbzc --> fmlrps : yhebf
state ubarrw <<fork>>
fmlrps --> ubarrw : ibdyv
state usiwac <<join>>
ubarrw --> lvyaqh : fpyp
lvyaqh --> qyrfve : vuleh
qyrfve --> zivucc : enypy
zivucc --> wkuyad : vstyw
wkuyad --> usiwac : gtmoqtt
ubarrw --> qtvvzc : mjvb
qtvvzc --> qjxxol : uslpm
qjxxol --> vkweyx : kxbhm
vkweyx --> usiwac : ereuzvg
ubarrw --> zennca : vkbj
zennca --> mvugwe : kifab
mvugwe --> usiwac : mgtvaxt
usiwac --> uipnfi : luxil
uipnfi --> qvxxmv : mwuet
qvxxmv --> llrnjd : ebfsx
state llrnjd {
zyhckz --> qpbpbs : bmity
qpbpbs --> bufyvs : xketm
bufyvs --> evbsly : ipaou
}
llrnjd --> pwudsb : ahpmy
pwudsb --> ulofbi : forxm
ulofbi --> kumqwh : apgge
state kumqwh {
cjrkzp --> caoglh : ojdtz
caoglh --> bfdqvc : oyxpo
bfdqvc --> ahsqks : pisqo
}
kumqwh --> hqmgrr : jhteh
hqmgrr --> dcivij : hrbka
dcivij --> ugwixs : thccu
@enduml