@startuml
hide empty description
state fzxgkm
[*] --> fzxgkm : kybzs
state zqroph <<choice>>
fzxgkm --> zqroph : narel
zqroph --> bfqgth : qaxh
bfqgth --> uiuxyf : axaxx
uiuxyf --> gwfnek : jsbcj
gwfnek --> uxsbpr : ooiqani
zqroph --> wonnwo : gqdj
wonnwo --> atfyat : nmfqd
atfyat --> yqmwfr : iytqh
yqmwfr --> jjczfs : endka
jjczfs --> uxsbpr : csmgvcn
zqroph --> obcnaj : jjqy
obcnaj --> wdphjk : eoufp
wdphjk --> uxsbpr : xekafcl
uxsbpr --> ueuzrl : bbqgi
ueuzrl --> bybhkr : gkyxz
bybhkr --> imesnh : yoeei
imesnh --> mdvuqk : qahrc
mdvuqk --> kgtzyy : fpqsk
state kmhupr <<choice>>
kgtzyy --> kmhupr : lqznr
kmhupr --> luhumn : ckno
luhumn --> csjhga : tgmfp
csjhga --> tfjqph : zjnvv
tfjqph --> wumtby : yonkt
wumtby --> pezxtb : qdkxfnt
kmhupr --> mcehqw : bmcq
mcehqw --> nvjvvq : rvszm
nvjvvq --> hzpcwj : ptkbn
hzpcwj --> wczwzx : orkfq
wczwzx --> pezxtb : zmwnvgd
pezxtb --> fbzftk : kvkex
fbzftk --> cacsnr : itugg
cacsnr --> uuphqi : tzvvo
uuphqi --> hylrnt : fgzos
hylrnt --> [*] : xztwp
@enduml