@startuml
hide empty description
state iopafa
[*] --> iopafa : juufe
iopafa --> kfaquj : owrcp
state ybapxx <<choice>>
kfaquj --> ybapxx : nxduj
ybapxx --> skdora : dyhf
skdora --> csyvos : kblfs
csyvos --> llnxuu : hriov
llnxuu --> ykrgrk : iopas
ykrgrk --> rrtvxx : ekvzrnk
ybapxx --> rttrcc : iepm
rttrcc --> itompx : rzkzv
itompx --> bhwsoc : xljhl
bhwsoc --> ouzxgq : iyrcd
ouzxgq --> rrtvxx : togzgcn
rrtvxx --> sqkneb : resqh
sqkneb --> ghzsid : kaiaa
ghzsid --> hnokqb : zbiod
state hnokqb {
[*] --> unsnns : hoqfv
unsnns --> jotlvt : ojkzf
}
hnokqb --> [*] : mnkyn
@enduml