@startuml
hide empty description
state hmsvwp
[*] --> hmsvwp : elheq
hmsvwp --> sfmjhj : ibuof
state ztlbnv <<choice>>
sfmjhj --> ztlbnv : zqwmq
ztlbnv --> asifss : gfby
asifss --> saqhzr : rfnoz
saqhzr --> kqtbkf : byeeqju
ztlbnv --> zcocrt : hnbv
zcocrt --> jtyhih : jebit
jtyhih --> dhqnhd : zygcw
dhqnhd --> fhfjzv : dyusp
fhfjzv --> kqtbkf : kaycnjd
ztlbnv --> fkytvf : htkj
fkytvf --> tkbzrq : omfot
tkbzrq --> rffswc : rkkbj
rffswc --> kqtbkf : xssjtfd
kqtbkf --> exrdov : couwo
exrdov --> laxsca : minyw
laxsca --> uuvefw : jvtiu
uuvefw --> gadmgk : hmixx
gadmgk --> zglsvi : gbzob
zglsvi --> xdmmog : xpshj
xdmmog --> ditxkb : xmcan
ditxkb --> cfmjnr : boabi
cfmjnr --> qhyfgw : ihmcj
state lvjyag <<choice>>
qhyfgw --> lvjyag : pynuu
lvjyag --> wrqzwl : xstp
wrqzwl --> gwmane : zuhas
gwmane --> looxsc : fbtenox
lvjyag --> oeuluo : tcih
oeuluo --> doglwo : iqudl
doglwo --> dxgqyx : vgdyo
dxgqyx --> tfhxkr : zqsns
tfhxkr --> looxsc : kuylraq
lvjyag --> brbvjx : miex
brbvjx --> pgfbie : trvyn
pgfbie --> looxsc : conjpdr
looxsc --> nfemkf : nxbel
nfemkf --> egazld : gnimv
@enduml