@startuml
hide empty description
state fyfczg
fyfczg --> sakpfz : cfndh
sakpfz --> nvmcrn : vjgpf
nvmcrn --> zcmybu : enjwg
state zcmybu {
dvpzzf --> absmqy : fhqvx
absmqy --> bheiwt : jesrf
}
zcmybu --> eqxnes : bnbvw
eqxnes --> gyptmz : igyjb
state hffppc <<fork>>
gyptmz --> hffppc : fdjoc
state kzfefy <<join>>
hffppc --> braqpi : oubb
braqpi --> fnhvql : wbhyh
fnhvql --> poachg : ookeb
poachg --> lykpkd : vdvue
lykpkd --> kzfefy : muhrkji
hffppc --> zthmwp : zyqc
zthmwp --> jycmai : dwuzp
jycmai --> gmeudt : ecale
gmeudt --> kzfefy : ucufmad
kzfefy --> hlbwrr : zmjyx
hlbwrr --> onbekr : miupl
onbekr --> iwseqg : ddrow
iwseqg --> [*] : ayjxs
@enduml