@startuml
hide empty description
state esnwcl
esnwcl --> devcyh : kgtbl
devcyh --> qskgku : fbeay
qskgku --> havpal : qhtbb
havpal --> hyrads : pzqbi
hyrads --> osbmao : dsjmn
osbmao --> pxexyb : zscdq
state pxexyb {
gjjtsi --> uryicl : jldjh
uryicl --> svvrmr : dnisu
svvrmr --> [*] : rjiye
}
pxexyb --> wanvea : ckroq
wanvea --> fafdcw : yddtm
fafdcw --> ysbxyo : hxmfu
ysbxyo --> qixfxc : rxgje
qixfxc --> ggtqhq : qykhj
ggtqhq --> nbrduz : nzjmq
nbrduz --> osxegd : vfazu
state gqpyuv <<fork>>
osxegd --> gqpyuv : tejsk
state ezxqjq <<join>>
gqpyuv --> jrblxc : mznd
jrblxc --> tyhdyl : nizko
tyhdyl --> ubwaid : elyhg
ubwaid --> ezxqjq : vsuwrnu
gqpyuv --> umjxxu : arxp
umjxxu --> qkoaop : dztzb
qkoaop --> ezxqjq : bdhhxgd
gqpyuv --> nnayns : mmmj
nnayns --> gbuxsr : zohvx
gbuxsr --> iyfybd : jptfq
iyfybd --> ezxqjq : ttffxtz
ezxqjq --> kgvgbv : hpsit
@enduml