@startuml
state zpnfgu
[*] --> zpnfgu : afnfo
state brtjth <<choice>>
zpnfgu --> brtjth : ivvmo
brtjth --> hsmnze : rmqx
hsmnze --> hmoiuc : uskuk
hmoiuc --> aobqrh : lyiryfi
brtjth --> brymkd : ilgm
brymkd --> jzbiub : ztnhf
jzbiub --> knwgyr : yagaw
knwgyr --> stbnvj : flzno
stbnvj --> aobqrh : ypeekbi
brtjth --> crxsfn : jcoo
crxsfn --> tmjroq : mskwg
tmjroq --> yezdzs : axjvn
yezdzs --> aobqrh : kpkgkch
aobqrh --> zeqzzm : addns
zeqzzm --> ochljd : xkhrl
ochljd --> swenil : sdxjo
state swenil {
[*] --> ooitpk : jpdhp
ooitpk --> pzlmds : gdmdh
pzlmds --> pptzgo : vanjn
pptzgo --> teyzjc : zpxjy
}
swenil --> jikgea : ounbd
state conpro <<choice>>
jikgea --> conpro : aahfh
conpro --> izopnu : iyhu
izopnu --> lmdczn : hfbzd
lmdczn --> yphjwd : rfhyf
yphjwd --> pvtmhv : rzigr
pvtmhv --> rpxuwg : rfbvjrw
conpro --> wfuwhz : sbvx
wfuwhz --> bqpxrm : wzwej
bqpxrm --> octheg : dkmwn
octheg --> dubkzb : quzdr
dubkzb --> rpxuwg : qotipnz
rpxuwg --> zivmun : sjusq
zivmun --> biuqvd : vattx
biuqvd --> rrzkil : cezhj
state rrzkil {
tsmvhl --> ablbdz : onjyy
ablbdz --> aimcff : ulkwf
aimcff --> rvifyp : sgaef
}
rrzkil --> [*] : uxksq
@enduml