@startuml
state relclp
[*] --> relclp : aukwp
relclp --> giyxft : begnm
state azyxdw <<choice>>
giyxft --> azyxdw : eudig
azyxdw --> ozpsiv : wqwn
ozpsiv --> kfcjxa : rttcr
kfcjxa --> xetimx : ecwkp
xetimx --> vyzvld : zgxjaev
azyxdw --> hymofa : otfp
hymofa --> ocepqe : pfjdf
ocepqe --> jpjzpf : ryoin
jpjzpf --> vyzvld : dourazx
azyxdw --> sqkxkt : ohex
sqkxkt --> xxlzfv : envxl
xxlzfv --> qcyjax : gcebn
qcyjax --> vyzvld : yyohlzu
vyzvld --> mazsnw : qkrcx
state nnpcec <<choice>>
mazsnw --> nnpcec : iujub
nnpcec --> jmzhlk : hbsx
jmzhlk --> cvrfcb : zaobs
cvrfcb --> myfbde : xysjkuw
nnpcec --> wytqht : sqsm
wytqht --> guwbah : scgxc
guwbah --> bwubih : hjwrz
bwubih --> vuwxqb : opadl
vuwxqb --> myfbde : bzykuno
nnpcec --> zamclo : udug
zamclo --> xujrss : zyppp
xujrss --> myfbde : fupwmno
myfbde --> fotidy : wizre
state gwumci <<fork>>
fotidy --> gwumci : vgjll
state ylbkao <<join>>
gwumci --> lbsvpw : jxal
lbsvpw --> fqvsoc : dwnkk
fqvsoc --> ylbkao : khaiuto
gwumci --> cyodaz : todv
cyodaz --> rqkxii : dudaq
rqkxii --> dhwemp : snqfa
dhwemp --> ylbkao : zygjgdu
gwumci --> slrrmb : ijte
slrrmb --> qnemtw : wwncx
qnemtw --> ylbkao : wbtxypi
ylbkao --> pypmnx : kckin
pypmnx --> fbyjcl : cbvot
fbyjcl --> kzcsqq : cwuvj
kzcsqq --> qbofjt : dypix
qbofjt --> orxqqe : mijuv
orxqqe --> zkxqjn : zbykb
zkxqjn --> jdqhrt : htkwf
jdqhrt --> cqacfk : outjd
cqacfk --> msyoac : msuxw
msyoac --> ezwspi : ukoix
ezwspi --> [*] : nldur
@enduml