@startuml
hide empty description
state xbzhqx
xbzhqx --> uvjaeq : kphtt
uvjaeq --> abhlek : bbtnh
abhlek --> azcwaf : ueyki
azcwaf --> zbnhxi : ngufa
zbnhxi --> wyszlu : wlwun
wyszlu --> ulkrrk : epcld
ulkrrk --> ssoufc : ozhon
state kunivw <<choice>>
ssoufc --> kunivw : wqfac
kunivw --> zkvmgp : akcg
zkvmgp --> qbtpag : fkila
qbtpag --> mhmqmp : xzmvd
mhmqmp --> wlgkld : zyniu
wlgkld --> tgwuaf : pijypba
kunivw --> wljsqx : qlkm
wljsqx --> zidruk : jbegr
zidruk --> tgwuaf : ggkiyai
kunivw --> tlwdrn : iwnt
tlwdrn --> rvueod : wcrtt
rvueod --> epgdva : coztu
epgdva --> tgwuaf : zmsnrdd
tgwuaf --> zassdr : vnlgk
zassdr --> uupjgq : odfwp
state immnyn <<choice>>
uupjgq --> immnyn : wwtup
immnyn --> vjubgw : euxd
vjubgw --> fdfbxe : bkrtu
fdfbxe --> vitzpc : fvkhu
vitzpc --> qqgaac : loufvnc
immnyn --> rtlmxz : lceh
rtlmxz --> dkxmrp : jukrb
dkxmrp --> qqgaac : kajqqpn
qqgaac --> edeoac : xrags
edeoac --> kejnyw : aqmgi
kejnyw --> liyhvh : dclsy
liyhvh --> eyccrm : ssxyt
eyccrm --> [*] : vdddj
@enduml