@startuml
hide empty description
state qrdfav
[*] --> qrdfav : ixzjb
qrdfav --> ollqru : shbie
ollqru --> cvkdsk : ztbge
cvkdsk --> jhrcrk : muxxs
state hpmngl <<fork>>
jhrcrk --> hpmngl : luyje
state pfltcv <<join>>
hpmngl --> juhrjk : jnyu
juhrjk --> wfdrvx : nbrqd
wfdrvx --> kepmhg : yabhr
kepmhg --> ourtwv : tpxnj
ourtwv --> pfltcv : pnusmjb
hpmngl --> mimjev : yhsk
mimjev --> jlvdcv : rtwej
jlvdcv --> wnjfsa : ckosc
wnjfsa --> pfltcv : ruvwuyl
hpmngl --> fnoorf : bhlp
fnoorf --> aqcfxm : xvnab
aqcfxm --> pfltcv : esmkxrp
pfltcv --> pxghtm : hdyyl
@enduml