@startuml
state npzqxr
[*] --> npzqxr : uohbm
npzqxr --> hbnhnm : mjxxs
hbnhnm --> gvgige : tvfiw
gvgige --> aqxvla : jtghx
aqxvla --> vxpnxb : yfvmk
state vyhari <<choice>>
vxpnxb --> vyhari : hbupd
vyhari --> prxjdb : gzez
prxjdb --> nxomsa : ugkzl
nxomsa --> ffcjsp : wqylvpg
vyhari --> dacukx : ybca
dacukx --> wutgse : qbhsz
wutgse --> ffcjsp : ccnmkav
vyhari --> encjgn : rxhs
encjgn --> vtchhw : bvuqn
vtchhw --> ijvbzm : yiymu
ijvbzm --> ffcjsp : odnhzft
ffcjsp --> gecewq : jgzuo
gecewq --> fjbusy : stkio
fjbusy --> qbmdwj : zuyau
qbmdwj --> geapib : nfduy
geapib --> fyzhgk : aawmi
fyzhgk --> [*] : almbi
@enduml