@startuml
hide empty description
state ifjnsy
ifjnsy --> lcouhf : vvtoc
lcouhf --> adtwbh : bvkmj
state vnfykg <<fork>>
adtwbh --> vnfykg : klalu
state oqygav <<join>>
vnfykg --> ytuoov : pcud
ytuoov --> dmudif : votzu
dmudif --> oqygav : ogmhuzn
vnfykg --> bfpnog : gpbq
bfpnog --> fhfeaj : kszxl
fhfeaj --> drgubq : dbczk
drgubq --> oqygav : qkhfhct
oqygav --> fcelkt : humlv
state pozlpz <<choice>>
fcelkt --> pozlpz : lfdgt
pozlpz --> twiowe : qsdl
twiowe --> occllf : ecjyh
occllf --> liejqr : yrxxt
liejqr --> wjzyyf : anfzx
wjzyyf --> ocbzds : ayicmax
pozlpz --> eynqit : gtgj
eynqit --> siehnq : fpwik
siehnq --> kpoudg : gqfkz
kpoudg --> ruovsw : fruls
ruovsw --> ocbzds : lxjehot
pozlpz --> woocru : ugoq
woocru --> swpsxy : vvcst
swpsxy --> yitssc : bwfju
yitssc --> ocbzds : thssnal
state ikclns <<choice>>
ocbzds --> ikclns : pqqnh
ikclns --> fapawj : nfnn
fapawj --> vsabca : fqjss
vsabca --> yvinef : qyqgmes
ikclns --> dbehcl : bcys
dbehcl --> mbrmgp : rulmc
mbrmgp --> yvinef : xoxmjbw
yvinef --> lqlymi : crbwl
lqlymi --> bjgbvp : litxe
bjgbvp --> pqugzy : uotpt
pqugzy --> slluez : rcqvk
slluez --> dozrea : hjqov
dozrea --> pdwplr : uinat
pdwplr --> tlubij : hrsrk
@enduml