@startuml
state ccbkeg
[*] --> ccbkeg : hgogp
ccbkeg --> dpefai : hbzio
dpefai --> nsnlpo : eemuv
state nsnlpo {
[*] --> ligovh : xiawf
ligovh --> stjfhg : blkdu
}
state mvipxi <<choice>>
nsnlpo --> mvipxi : ogfuq
mvipxi --> ceuaqa : lvyp
ceuaqa --> hbamsm : opuvo
hbamsm --> xgqgns : cpvsgtx
mvipxi --> bsxtes : bvqu
bsxtes --> rydsrx : dyvfh
rydsrx --> vmnooj : opeid
vmnooj --> xoltav : iaszn
xoltav --> xgqgns : ulsfihp
mvipxi --> szijtd : stbf
szijtd --> yixowy : puevu
yixowy --> rzicsl : kdvfc
rzicsl --> kgsscx : lnqhc
kgsscx --> xgqgns : sqieeer
xgqgns --> jdwyzt : mqqwn
jdwyzt --> ljevfm : ozvea
state ljevfm {
nvbmbr --> blenyi : qjzhe
blenyi --> zzlpcn : jajnk
}
ljevfm --> thhtvt : iqwtg
thhtvt --> oqslwn : rrnhs
oqslwn --> [*] : zbrtl
@enduml