@startuml
hide empty description
state ssfgef
[*] --> ssfgef : wkifj
ssfgef --> xyxvgf : tqoov
xyxvgf --> lkesig : aygxl
state rdixvy <<fork>>
lkesig --> rdixvy : tiohc
state ygbwmf <<join>>
rdixvy --> qwruzc : bhle
qwruzc --> nsaipf : tumba
nsaipf --> uojwgp : oytfx
uojwgp --> ygbwmf : yspjzns
rdixvy --> perksj : wdcc
perksj --> rljnmv : hcurs
rljnmv --> exapip : oeglv
exapip --> ygbwmf : iehkuqu
rdixvy --> jbsuqj : dnaq
jbsuqj --> kqnwlu : mircy
kqnwlu --> hcjpbc : cyelk
hcjpbc --> ygbwmf : oyzlhbj
ygbwmf --> clhbne : kzndv
clhbne --> dxdxqr : jxbkf
dxdxqr --> gqauzq : htgxa
gqauzq --> phldyh : cscbd
phldyh --> zrhjle : tjqnw
zrhjle --> pivclu : qiwfc
pivclu --> bimpch : wuqyo
bimpch --> lnckoj : zkvaf
lnckoj --> hmyoao : niczq
state hmyoao {
zxdcgb --> haxtwh : maabr
haxtwh --> yuxdci : twzmm
yuxdci --> lfvefg : maeha
lfvefg --> [*] : itisb
}
@enduml