@startuml
hide empty description
state cfceau
cfceau --> wgxtyr : swain
wgxtyr --> qrfjjz : qsvue
qrfjjz --> fucibb : rqcbf
fucibb --> tkiubj : bdyun
state lkbdro <<choice>>
tkiubj --> lkbdro : swjpp
lkbdro --> mvptrm : lykz
mvptrm --> kehblj : etkxt
kehblj --> hkkhgq : htuax
hkkhgq --> pqfxld : cuwmcbv
lkbdro --> qftxgj : kzcs
qftxgj --> xouaue : rieok
xouaue --> pqfxld : juaegmt
lkbdro --> kgqrrd : qlkf
kgqrrd --> jpberx : cobzr
jpberx --> vbrvjt : jheau
vbrvjt --> elzuyj : ythrc
elzuyj --> pqfxld : nwvxquv
pqfxld --> fxrgyn : cpyjn
fxrgyn --> [*] : ivjww
@enduml