@startuml
hide empty description
state kgryav
kgryav --> gkhfoi : zpknd
gkhfoi --> eopkyi : xrnts
eopkyi --> ttyujh : yiecp
ttyujh --> bklast : xwkga
bklast --> oifrng : eotpm
state oifrng {
zbfopq --> egemgd : yhwyo
egemgd --> dwfitu : gbndt
dwfitu --> jvhwgw : yoqdt
}
oifrng --> ewuchu : uemzw
ewuchu --> ucrkzs : vlgwb
ucrkzs --> njfdjl : gdfwf
njfdjl --> smquyc : yoetz
state nuowjx <<fork>>
smquyc --> nuowjx : oscgw
state wxppho <<join>>
nuowjx --> ehuvqa : ctyb
ehuvqa --> qnjdvh : shdbg
qnjdvh --> mahhet : htcwk
mahhet --> wxppho : zsqtsjv
nuowjx --> zlllrp : hobn
zlllrp --> ieegmi : kxbag
ieegmi --> koylzd : cvbbr
koylzd --> vkjobd : yhgbz
vkjobd --> wxppho : hmkrlre
nuowjx --> etkdwa : krpa
etkdwa --> etivdv : cwqkm
etivdv --> xcbjzk : jvtad
xcbjzk --> hnjvml : wfhtx
hnjvml --> wxppho : tsssuma
state ckybvj <<fork>>
wxppho --> ckybvj : zuyyw
state krlxvz <<join>>
ckybvj --> qcteih : zfbt
qcteih --> khqtwf : ggdpz
khqtwf --> krlxvz : qavrdgz
ckybvj --> sibvox : mkye
sibvox --> mavtpd : tlcxg
mavtpd --> krlxvz : tjhzgqo
ckybvj --> fexfcy : gupe
fexfcy --> xtmjfq : kusaa
xtmjfq --> krlxvz : rphkgam
krlxvz --> zvydup : pezhh
state gjwhth <<fork>>
zvydup --> gjwhth : cwgbc
state npejfs <<join>>
gjwhth --> ubyeso : vmfg
ubyeso --> raobfc : lzlir
raobfc --> uuqxmf : ppxke
uuqxmf --> nrazwt : hspws
nrazwt --> npejfs : vzajblr
gjwhth --> wmorsn : sdzl
wmorsn --> ctvhwm : fdanm
ctvhwm --> tzicdy : ldghs
tzicdy --> dnmkcg : dchsp
dnmkcg --> npejfs : dgkvrxn
gjwhth --> grpwfa : gxyy
grpwfa --> yhcpkn : pbdss
yhcpkn --> npejfs : nlixzja
npejfs --> qvxppi : mrzoe
qvxppi --> eelahw : nspnd
@enduml