@startuml
hide empty description
state vyhopp
vyhopp --> ppvdfz : mhltu
state xnimwy <<choice>>
ppvdfz --> xnimwy : ardev
xnimwy --> mtbfpz : ofmk
mtbfpz --> ghayzr : jvtoe
ghayzr --> ldxcsd : nbfxe
ldxcsd --> imlepx : lgrkalv
xnimwy --> scuepe : synr
scuepe --> swnjqh : tserl
swnjqh --> imlepx : sfsvhst
xnimwy --> cxvlsy : sxke
cxvlsy --> beifrt : dtynl
beifrt --> dmelxl : yzwno
dmelxl --> ocjsnh : vnele
ocjsnh --> imlepx : hxrbohq
imlepx --> oanhwi : ajfkr
oanhwi --> yvjqke : dmdea
yvjqke --> phybqo : cogea
state geqiei <<fork>>
phybqo --> geqiei : kfwqx
state czalru <<join>>
geqiei --> dadouy : pkoh
dadouy --> rcsngq : zqllr
rcsngq --> jjqwlb : iretu
jjqwlb --> bqzink : texup
bqzink --> czalru : svfplyc
geqiei --> jcpltm : zcid
jcpltm --> xyeqol : fxact
xyeqol --> czalru : tmgbuzb
geqiei --> igvtrf : obzj
igvtrf --> tktnut : cmrfa
tktnut --> rtpzkx : krzue
rtpzkx --> czalru : vhjznbz
czalru --> rlhuhd : wvusb
rlhuhd --> rtzarp : zlqwo
rtzarp --> hiplfi : imdfq
hiplfi --> afyjsd : kfqwo
afyjsd --> aezjtd : fleqb
@enduml