@startuml
state oupxgv
oupxgv --> wttomz : ftkoo
wttomz --> sqeclg : dtjpo
sqeclg --> kmomfa : qxrul
kmomfa --> mliakv : cjdoj
mliakv --> skkwkd : bkzwa
state ygrtho <<choice>>
skkwkd --> ygrtho : edgxa
ygrtho --> rovbro : cxnr
rovbro --> ordker : bwinr
ordker --> kdqarf : qsypp
kdqarf --> uxsovr : ejhgq
uxsovr --> cnhvpd : govktjy
ygrtho --> eedwkm : tpzx
eedwkm --> njmqdw : nbwsu
njmqdw --> rapppb : nnasy
rapppb --> cnhvpd : ldhdynu
ygrtho --> tflqei : kxoa
tflqei --> fpyydo : gztwi
fpyydo --> csnbnm : fgoss
csnbnm --> mddeoj : zgszn
mddeoj --> cnhvpd : utabfas
@enduml