@startuml
state lecchi
[*] --> lecchi : trpnh
lecchi --> egsbmx : yqkbj
egsbmx --> xwmych : twrxg
xwmych --> symlbb : zsumt
state idjzdu <<fork>>
symlbb --> idjzdu : qvnzu
state jgpovh <<join>>
idjzdu --> qfigwf : hmjw
qfigwf --> vjjijs : tqfmo
vjjijs --> psbkrd : zqdrp
psbkrd --> fohhmd : kwjnw
fohhmd --> jgpovh : kcukmes
idjzdu --> uwyvbt : fjio
uwyvbt --> emhgod : ozqef
emhgod --> edmprf : aaxck
edmprf --> jgpovh : oqpywqt
idjzdu --> ywhhrk : lnlc
ywhhrk --> xkrwnn : nkdrx
xkrwnn --> aprlwg : lijjg
aprlwg --> ezcfaa : dgoex
ezcfaa --> jgpovh : evfcoaw
jgpovh --> uypwql : atrds
uypwql --> tmtvpo : qxwre
tmtvpo --> aiombw : gnvfj
aiombw --> noizin : gibwr
noizin --> kmflde : jbfos
kmflde --> lxuxar : pncwv
lxuxar --> ocifvg : hpysf
ocifvg --> usrgbk : qapnl
usrgbk --> fllfic : mhaqj
fllfic --> pwemru : eymov
pwemru --> eenvsp : ocwfm
eenvsp --> [*] : vsvli
@enduml