@startuml
state exuyrx
[*] --> exuyrx : syadv
exuyrx --> hqxlya : igaqe
state zjqhdb <<fork>>
hqxlya --> zjqhdb : drijt
state mbmcom <<join>>
zjqhdb --> ykyadt : tdve
ykyadt --> ljdakj : wgdxk
ljdakj --> mbmcom : uqyraum
zjqhdb --> fuhykk : clis
fuhykk --> amtpzg : enqor
amtpzg --> gomcvb : yyuod
gomcvb --> mbmcom : qduczzu
zjqhdb --> ixiekb : bikk
ixiekb --> zmwgdh : ifsui
zmwgdh --> zishkn : bkmsd
zishkn --> mbmcom : dbdpotr
mbmcom --> mmgzkt : xoaar
mmgzkt --> miztpc : bzxrm
state jpcrkg <<fork>>
miztpc --> jpcrkg : mxwjm
state wvznxq <<join>>
jpcrkg --> dmatwz : zoot
dmatwz --> otmmyb : pqgqc
otmmyb --> wvznxq : dakxpiu
jpcrkg --> vudyly : vuye
vudyly --> ormhcr : fczsw
ormhcr --> ydduel : shaps
ydduel --> tsrjvj : fezih
tsrjvj --> wvznxq : efufyfd
wvznxq --> cethec : tlxcu
cethec --> uokdkz : cglik
state uokdkz {
caryck --> mbwett : ttkpe
mbwett --> hdfken : piflt
}
@enduml