@startuml
hide empty description
state gemvco
gemvco --> duclhm : jqlzb
duclhm --> rvowix : axxmo
rvowix --> cakvkm : vrhie
cakvkm --> ibodsw : nusoe
state fothhr <<choice>>
ibodsw --> fothhr : dgrqj
fothhr --> umuwjf : sidr
umuwjf --> txrhvf : duxwd
txrhvf --> bwylsb : mcjhx
bwylsb --> jjkhis : nwhed
jjkhis --> ixgxyf : shtxkxq
fothhr --> dbcjpk : kadc
dbcjpk --> mxlurr : kdezv
mxlurr --> wdyech : ifuhb
wdyech --> jrnmrw : jfxag
jrnmrw --> ixgxyf : qirjrxo
fothhr --> chfjyx : vgik
chfjyx --> dxzpwu : vuoku
dxzpwu --> zcjtug : cbdil
zcjtug --> nirztg : dfupq
nirztg --> ixgxyf : cjngrvj
@enduml