@startuml
state ehdjfk
state tugfbc <<fork>>
ehdjfk --> tugfbc : xpmmv
state mjcxdy <<join>>
tugfbc --> riluzg : nrwk
riluzg --> zbbbiq : zyrre
zbbbiq --> ajcufk : ryhuj
ajcufk --> mjcxdy : ettohuf
tugfbc --> dozjyd : vsil
dozjyd --> jzhsqb : xzxdp
jzhsqb --> sykint : zmzfo
sykint --> mjcxdy : yuioxmx
mjcxdy --> korxck : xpngk
korxck --> ybnjqr : dwiub
state xospmk <<choice>>
ybnjqr --> xospmk : nbjxf
xospmk --> kgesfp : ozpr
kgesfp --> xefkka : rlivz
xefkka --> gdrsbc : zytlt
gdrsbc --> daeorj : jqrpu
daeorj --> mmjzfi : uaqevqb
xospmk --> ifyuup : vmdk
ifyuup --> otgzug : lrmqz
otgzug --> gamfws : bxbiz
gamfws --> mmjzfi : izaazge
mmjzfi --> lgvsnf : iszez
lgvsnf --> sqrotb : fwvvp
state taxjxi <<choice>>
sqrotb --> taxjxi : duhfo
taxjxi --> lqprxi : jkuw
lqprxi --> vtoohl : mfaez
vtoohl --> lkbloh : eskqf
lkbloh --> liuzta : uprui
liuzta --> mkxaav : pgzkcvn
taxjxi --> dqmcdc : faxu
dqmcdc --> awpuwh : czurj
awpuwh --> mkxaav : hetiqdb
mkxaav --> jyaevw : yqygq
jyaevw --> lbwrnx : lguoe
lbwrnx --> gwflmp : qpspo
gwflmp --> kvfvqx : xyijz
state kvfvqx {
ivbhdo --> hjbbwk : fvfxv
}
kvfvqx --> vrifvx : bficc
vrifvx --> euaajo : cwits
state euaajo {
[*] --> jshudr : leffs
jshudr --> dobstg : kjfzj
}
euaajo --> [*] : ktthl
@enduml