@startuml
state lrabwo
[*] --> lrabwo : nzoll
lrabwo --> gtflkk : qpvsy
gtflkk --> zufzqm : nspav
zufzqm --> hovdyc : iijhp
hovdyc --> bvplgt : xtkgu
bvplgt --> hfzbud : xhroa
state maptdk <<choice>>
hfzbud --> maptdk : rucqb
maptdk --> rmaqzl : inqd
rmaqzl --> vqfazq : zpumf
vqfazq --> tdcytz : rbqpbdl
maptdk --> qkywet : jqje
qkywet --> pjerou : damps
pjerou --> gyfogd : djbsj
gyfogd --> tdcytz : ungzifj
tdcytz --> ojgrgg : xbkum
state fevhjy <<fork>>
ojgrgg --> fevhjy : jqbqg
state bjwled <<join>>
fevhjy --> ceuqaq : jxms
ceuqaq --> tjrqrt : qettv
tjrqrt --> vuqehs : ykbtv
vuqehs --> bjwled : uwczntw
fevhjy --> eqfprw : gxxr
eqfprw --> pmliio : ahbhh
pmliio --> bjwled : fjajbew
bjwled --> qvwkaz : hcwju
qvwkaz --> yfbtvf : qzrfg
yfbtvf --> qxwryf : cevwf
@enduml