@startuml
hide empty description
state xifrai
xifrai --> sswoks : wfxor
sswoks --> echcza : jnlcb
state ostvxx <<fork>>
echcza --> ostvxx : mmrxj
state pdbdnf <<join>>
ostvxx --> rjmgrf : rnri
rjmgrf --> opvrnv : tjbum
opvrnv --> rebbnf : uxtnn
rebbnf --> xsnczy : qfbbm
xsnczy --> pdbdnf : htxjtse
ostvxx --> ooegpy : umic
ooegpy --> xsygiu : cclqv
xsygiu --> pdbdnf : fosrpkr
ostvxx --> nzfmsz : dked
nzfmsz --> pxadik : ahnkr
pxadik --> ckddkd : cycsl
ckddkd --> pdbdnf : cmxmwtf
state qzvrmx <<fork>>
pdbdnf --> qzvrmx : nxnmd
state ixlmpa <<join>>
qzvrmx --> rkwjvu : gvxy
rkwjvu --> dldlwv : euidw
dldlwv --> dibakl : oqril
dibakl --> scyjde : vtbkd
scyjde --> ixlmpa : hghumtv
qzvrmx --> wmtrir : anws
wmtrir --> egzkoc : uyzqh
egzkoc --> gemlfj : qwncj
gemlfj --> nzjdax : keafb
nzjdax --> ixlmpa : sczibqw
qzvrmx --> sjrmwf : sgvq
sjrmwf --> zobtpj : raafe
zobtpj --> vhaepc : tdqaw
vhaepc --> torjzk : qkbzk
torjzk --> ixlmpa : mmwftff
ixlmpa --> dsduap : opuhh
@enduml