@startuml
hide empty description
state zbjyxv
zbjyxv --> lxkemb : ikqqr
lxkemb --> nxizhh : kkien
nxizhh --> pktvov : trgyv
state qejkql <<choice>>
pktvov --> qejkql : alxeq
qejkql --> lrqmaz : dtjc
lrqmaz --> kvanag : ydiao
kvanag --> lnaheu : yvcpw
lnaheu --> oophos : kladm
oophos --> jzbkch : wlkdnge
qejkql --> ydruez : wvbn
ydruez --> bpbbar : wgtgs
bpbbar --> oyzcqj : cbdsr
oyzcqj --> jzbkch : ohbbkui
qejkql --> tvvqzj : qmnu
tvvqzj --> hvxjls : wreyd
hvxjls --> jzbkch : yzusxbk
jzbkch --> jgoabc : yfrle
state jgoabc {
[*] --> knqtzw : asyir
knqtzw --> eszfbc : xolhs
eszfbc --> jkuslq : ymlqv
jkuslq --> cwygrc : ecofp
cwygrc --> [*] : gafes
}
jgoabc --> bkpket : crjhh
state nwbiuz <<choice>>
bkpket --> nwbiuz : cdcok
nwbiuz --> gehlts : hhwo
gehlts --> tpjvew : csmwc
tpjvew --> dqtgwi : xgofdgs
nwbiuz --> zvytyb : bhcw
zvytyb --> jpjttv : klosp
jpjttv --> qkmwpt : ajeqo
qkmwpt --> dqtgwi : pgtwzzk
dqtgwi --> iaxdeb : undph
iaxdeb --> [*] : wzggj
@enduml