@startuml
hide empty description
state xpqgjh
[*] --> xpqgjh : xieii
xpqgjh --> ewbvxn : cumyg
ewbvxn --> cxuapi : mgssn
state cxuapi {
[*] --> cqlftv : labmf
cqlftv --> poibso : egful
poibso --> zheodq : mynhn
zheodq --> [*] : pbxfs
}
cxuapi --> sjajnv : bzyhp
sjajnv --> cjgodg : yfkab
cjgodg --> zpagof : bizuj
zpagof --> mhrkzh : txenu
mhrkzh --> iozfav : jdkff
iozfav --> zdvjyb : zesbr
state eylgtz <<fork>>
zdvjyb --> eylgtz : fgatp
state qorefz <<join>>
eylgtz --> wecqyp : ewdg
wecqyp --> oxafuj : qdftj
oxafuj --> qorefz : wiahdrd
eylgtz --> gwqzqy : nxvs
gwqzqy --> bgnfyo : rbyyx
bgnfyo --> jznoti : qqbxf
jznoti --> qorefz : bchhirc
qorefz --> pqofzk : fdniy
pqofzk --> tezkqp : jqikt
state osuxbl <<fork>>
tezkqp --> osuxbl : fjsbv
state vhjjwg <<join>>
osuxbl --> jibwbn : vlwf
jibwbn --> vspsam : etihu
vspsam --> vhjjwg : gybwdvp
osuxbl --> paeiqh : ydwv
paeiqh --> fdrkkk : joabd
fdrkkk --> vhjjwg : ociaitt
osuxbl --> thxfbg : axpe
thxfbg --> ofcced : vpshd
ofcced --> xvssct : hcyzm
xvssct --> vhjjwg : tebhgrs
@enduml