@startuml
hide empty description
state vyebvv
[*] --> vyebvv : tffld
vyebvv --> cpjjtk : fkdjp
cpjjtk --> nerrgd : mhgfk
nerrgd --> hdcfnk : kgiuq
state asigcj <<choice>>
hdcfnk --> asigcj : ztgmt
asigcj --> kazyzc : wljb
kazyzc --> jqtvsn : addvi
jqtvsn --> uuhmpk : uenec
uuhmpk --> spsori : jcgztcq
asigcj --> cquwvo : dlpp
cquwvo --> vjehag : qlybk
vjehag --> psrbjd : fnluj
psrbjd --> spsori : ppcgokc
asigcj --> wveelq : lang
wveelq --> asfdex : khwnz
asfdex --> tesley : pvxyl
tesley --> spsori : bbjvraq
spsori --> bqexps : hfxwt
bqexps --> [*] : michv
@enduml