@startuml
state jqvcpe
[*] --> jqvcpe : pyjtf
jqvcpe --> rqxpsc : kmnqx
rqxpsc --> fsjiux : lfgzj
state nrhikj <<choice>>
fsjiux --> nrhikj : ngxgw
nrhikj --> aypkbn : fauf
aypkbn --> jnurey : vptdx
jnurey --> ujkiwl : pyfee
ujkiwl --> sknhsk : whcuhxj
nrhikj --> ikwvfq : wvtg
ikwvfq --> uskksd : jsimv
uskksd --> gpmcww : qvopi
gpmcww --> hxvtrq : wkmej
hxvtrq --> sknhsk : wqeszti
nrhikj --> fqkcox : hqws
fqkcox --> ydptok : uasmm
ydptok --> nqpori : aktbc
nqpori --> sknhsk : aivhbqu
sknhsk --> rxwkoy : nazmf
rxwkoy --> pzfbtj : xbvah
pzfbtj --> iryvqv : umbco
state rtjrry <<fork>>
iryvqv --> rtjrry : fdfvb
state kevdiv <<join>>
rtjrry --> tjfagc : ocep
tjfagc --> vdgvuu : rsjmd
vdgvuu --> kevdiv : kjovlfn
rtjrry --> efhpst : smeb
efhpst --> vgwopb : foufp
vgwopb --> phabha : pbhad
phabha --> mhzdfn : imnxz
mhzdfn --> kevdiv : kthxjva
rtjrry --> uocwjg : hyza
uocwjg --> lkrbgs : yoaxt
lkrbgs --> kevdiv : yswaftv
kevdiv --> pzokig : xxamf
@enduml