@startuml
state cjpcld
[*] --> cjpcld : rlllo
cjpcld --> caoptu : guxoj
caoptu --> hyegdl : oahxw
state hyegdl {
reqcyz --> nqmbus : qvwnj
}
state ctgosj <<choice>>
hyegdl --> ctgosj : fkbro
ctgosj --> kpbtdy : ysyo
kpbtdy --> xkffkk : alrrr
xkffkk --> hwykje : xmsehps
ctgosj --> jvhzld : mcrw
jvhzld --> begwch : iswdb
begwch --> vxeesd : hwiuz
vxeesd --> hwykje : fkrscxh
ctgosj --> nnqciv : ckrd
nnqciv --> wwfaiv : ibbbp
wwfaiv --> hwykje : skguqab
hwykje --> anisvk : mxkov
anisvk --> zpaqbr : qmwna
state cponar <<choice>>
zpaqbr --> cponar : dordu
cponar --> gtzjyq : vwml
gtzjyq --> klfoec : izpjx
klfoec --> hezvsm : tfvby
hezvsm --> xemhlk : hcxiw
xemhlk --> qeyuxn : iphhyyr
cponar --> whyddd : xwyf
whyddd --> fmznfz : pgfkg
fmznfz --> qeyuxn : zlrfoah
cponar --> mptxvz : xsxf
mptxvz --> gljnjg : scswo
gljnjg --> pxrthm : caphb
pxrthm --> qeyuxn : qemgtia
qeyuxn --> oaqoty : vqvyp
oaqoty --> qwblwu : lzdtu
qwblwu --> kyifuk : pwpey
state kyifuk {
ukjfxs --> tutpny : eqszs
tutpny --> xbqzhp : lalij
xbqzhp --> [*] : erqlu
}
kyifuk --> bagkch : dicmh
bagkch --> tjsoiv : mokdb
state xkitbt <<choice>>
tjsoiv --> xkitbt : clkfs
xkitbt --> qjquld : kgyp
qjquld --> glmzpi : uewly
glmzpi --> sltgxb : woaqldc
xkitbt --> qzifui : bzon
qzifui --> bysrrx : nvmfi
bysrrx --> ycoywh : kglkp
ycoywh --> sltgxb : wuugbrf
state qwhaqn <<choice>>
sltgxb --> qwhaqn : illzk
qwhaqn --> fyhmdg : phpr
fyhmdg --> krkupq : kbysk
krkupq --> wwaahz : dyowz
wwaahz --> wodolq : ujrcq
wodolq --> tkhabm : vvspsjh
qwhaqn --> ufsgvi : vrxj
ufsgvi --> krpsnh : tzcax
krpsnh --> tkhabm : zhbmdrk
qwhaqn --> xwdfce : kkee
xwdfce --> dymszk : upbze
dymszk --> sovbgm : eqail
sovbgm --> tkhabm : bwyxfic
tkhabm --> fbanjx : uadmv
fbanjx --> qlddjs : lsuiu
@enduml