@startuml
state ttopnc
ttopnc --> jybuyz : pejox
jybuyz --> zvyqhx : ztruy
zvyqhx --> zmeqva : bhuuu
zmeqva --> qhqgfe : cjuvp
state vmosaf <<fork>>
qhqgfe --> vmosaf : qhgih
state iecccg <<join>>
vmosaf --> wuovgy : hjdf
wuovgy --> axowhh : psugg
axowhh --> lmjvvf : bxybw
lmjvvf --> iecccg : zkrutnv
vmosaf --> ysawvc : srth
ysawvc --> jvzqhg : ifuud
jvzqhg --> sjfpgt : kkxoy
sjfpgt --> vncupf : xaiir
vncupf --> iecccg : umcqrwx
vmosaf --> djreln : glvb
djreln --> tsrhqv : cloos
tsrhqv --> qcvlpu : ejucu
qcvlpu --> cuouik : zyqci
cuouik --> iecccg : nhdlise
@enduml