@startuml
hide empty description
state pwpjgp
[*] --> pwpjgp : qazxu
pwpjgp --> tzpgsa : wszpx
tzpgsa --> opkgcg : homtj
state opkgcg {
[*] --> nfxnzp : mvtlb
nfxnzp --> vjwdar : mmzjs
}
opkgcg --> znohhs : syuzw
state znohhs {
[*] --> yvetkr : qcbrn
yvetkr --> rbxkqv : goqpd
rbxkqv --> [*] : iefyb
}
state zzclii <<fork>>
znohhs --> zzclii : amape
state hndffv <<join>>
zzclii --> afzehk : lpys
afzehk --> kejqfj : yznge
kejqfj --> pbpees : cjceg
pbpees --> hndffv : xsqjngt
zzclii --> tevvtw : pkot
tevvtw --> fagtin : micyh
fagtin --> hndffv : loptsdo
zzclii --> qnfydi : ntwg
qnfydi --> zwiodu : uxknh
zwiodu --> hndffv : swzhhdp
hndffv --> kfrodo : osgzc
@enduml