@startuml
state psxxyh
[*] --> psxxyh : dmzsk
psxxyh --> xlfiof : eisbk
state mxowmy <<fork>>
xlfiof --> mxowmy : kccda
state loxxie <<join>>
mxowmy --> vapcjc : ylyi
vapcjc --> rsmtxd : gqtlw
rsmtxd --> loxxie : icfgsmj
mxowmy --> sepchq : dxmj
sepchq --> uxpqsi : jjrpv
uxpqsi --> nejaqm : wasub
nejaqm --> loxxie : xfupogh
mxowmy --> jxihto : esnr
jxihto --> aewxpi : znxaz
aewxpi --> vmpwek : nbczz
vmpwek --> zkomix : oclay
zkomix --> loxxie : dyrtchz
loxxie --> bflsgr : tqtgw
bflsgr --> otstdf : nnqbr
otstdf --> uwcgbz : tjrxz
uwcgbz --> mqbpdg : rxcgk
@enduml