@startuml
hide empty description
state nozghw
nozghw --> usihcd : leeie
usihcd --> qgmylf : rmnjl
state qgmylf {
[*] --> mddvwt : vkusl
mddvwt --> ihherc : ihjul
ihherc --> dusbmp : sdrgk
dusbmp --> [*] : rllff
}
qgmylf --> fpwxkw : gdlsb
fpwxkw --> masxuy : merud
masxuy --> zcjoxa : upqmo
zcjoxa --> qusvet : hascw
state gzhxml <<fork>>
qusvet --> gzhxml : vlejx
state halqhb <<join>>
gzhxml --> birrko : ptmj
birrko --> oeoact : ilpzf
oeoact --> hudeht : vcqwo
hudeht --> aikwfn : atcef
aikwfn --> halqhb : jxyulvy
gzhxml --> thflmc : ulzm
thflmc --> dguvuj : xjmqq
dguvuj --> kzhnuu : sxldp
kzhnuu --> halqhb : zrbabri
halqhb --> egmlyu : gynwj
@enduml