@startuml
hide empty description
state zpugcc
zpugcc --> mauuch : pgphr
mauuch --> inmbjw : tsvtk
inmbjw --> jdbutw : vptms
state jdbutw {
ijriro --> orqnhf : dmkgz
orqnhf --> xssade : jqazz
xssade --> [*] : jkcoh
}
jdbutw --> cdnawf : gztkg
cdnawf --> zlcden : nhwgg
zlcden --> vhfjjb : byyoi
state vhfjjb {
hikkvy --> qbyver : igizv
qbyver --> meplik : pbxod
meplik --> [*] : hhqyg
}
vhfjjb --> gjuzka : psccw
gjuzka --> mjazjl : wuhrx
mjazjl --> urqpdt : ehcsq
urqpdt --> uskuoj : noiom
uskuoj --> pdicbi : htsrk
pdicbi --> bitmrp : sbxyf
state uqaoco <<fork>>
bitmrp --> uqaoco : xnbgo
state fgrurz <<join>>
uqaoco --> qnqrcb : ewth
qnqrcb --> uuvbsu : spquk
uuvbsu --> edzfsv : bzxzz
edzfsv --> vidxct : jiihv
vidxct --> fgrurz : hajedyd
uqaoco --> wluftm : lzsn
wluftm --> zdsxsq : mzutr
zdsxsq --> jcjtdq : oapya
jcjtdq --> fgrurz : iogplql
uqaoco --> gakadg : rivx
gakadg --> yxtajf : shtgx
yxtajf --> fgrurz : vqndcjc
fgrurz --> [*] : mkwss
@enduml