@startuml
hide empty description
state vcyuba
[*] --> vcyuba : nbemw
vcyuba --> hgulqr : pmnaf
hgulqr --> ekgaeq : ccdgw
ekgaeq --> isgsge : owezb
state xauwqd <<fork>>
isgsge --> xauwqd : exvmq
state xbnvqw <<join>>
xauwqd --> hlfcqo : tabq
hlfcqo --> glacdt : gunfy
glacdt --> xbnvqw : xkspsqb
xauwqd --> ywrhmq : dnxj
ywrhmq --> fqcjub : okzvv
fqcjub --> wblzbx : qbolq
wblzbx --> lhlvav : azbee
lhlvav --> xbnvqw : ihitwxd
xauwqd --> cqtsro : vayw
cqtsro --> pkbvtu : bayly
pkbvtu --> zfmwpj : vqdob
zfmwpj --> xbnvqw : ueexypf
xbnvqw --> sxyteo : ndiia
sxyteo --> wjwozz : bwiul
state mwdqik <<fork>>
wjwozz --> mwdqik : xvtlt
state xuhgdl <<join>>
mwdqik --> ucsjbs : khla
ucsjbs --> fezyjv : diifd
fezyjv --> xuhgdl : aqrnjan
mwdqik --> zukuxv : zdwy
zukuxv --> efpxjh : fbqsz
efpxjh --> xuhgdl : hmelxgz
mwdqik --> hoqfef : hvje
hoqfef --> olffvg : qwgsi
olffvg --> imfcoy : kmbjy
imfcoy --> xuhgdl : kxkhtov
xuhgdl --> oiqljs : takex
oiqljs --> [*] : dexym
@enduml