@startuml
hide empty description
state mzixca
mzixca --> zqtyxl : jhbih
state tbpydp <<choice>>
zqtyxl --> tbpydp : dsbms
tbpydp --> zarqkg : rkwa
zarqkg --> onhzyb : wcrtc
onhzyb --> yxvnfv : oiwwb
yxvnfv --> fabzeu : cpjfckr
tbpydp --> bqhqjd : cxqt
bqhqjd --> obztkf : zutfh
obztkf --> dtudal : gwvru
dtudal --> lsicez : kjcjt
lsicez --> fabzeu : srwymco
tbpydp --> ggzqmm : thwu
ggzqmm --> vxipzh : lovlu
vxipzh --> fabzeu : gzdyrbe
fabzeu --> zmmfvm : cnotb
zmmfvm --> dxjybo : thbuo
dxjybo --> kmzxpv : rwbia
kmzxpv --> zlouxu : soqrc
zlouxu --> rslbjx : uumxh
rslbjx --> [*] : qemui
@enduml