@startuml
state zmiblg
[*] --> zmiblg : qbyaw
zmiblg --> krkcxb : fjwdd
state xvsfqu <<choice>>
krkcxb --> xvsfqu : azujc
xvsfqu --> pzqhxv : nksx
pzqhxv --> fiyzix : mymvg
fiyzix --> qywyqp : sfsxz
qywyqp --> wvkiev : ssdtm
wvkiev --> fgbyeu : shksywz
xvsfqu --> plneqc : ebot
plneqc --> pxcisq : ahdmy
pxcisq --> fgbyeu : fspwbiw
xvsfqu --> ckuwgd : qlwl
ckuwgd --> brbaqm : unasl
brbaqm --> fgbyeu : viaqjib
fgbyeu --> xqquhq : lwduo
state imfuwp <<choice>>
xqquhq --> imfuwp : wjbim
imfuwp --> foodrx : ffbt
foodrx --> dwhpee : dglaz
dwhpee --> kkgylg : mzuflkt
imfuwp --> qfdtgr : slft
qfdtgr --> ythrnk : zieux
ythrnk --> klhofz : jxgfq
klhofz --> kkgylg : szipoaz
@enduml