@startuml
hide empty description
state vtaedo
[*] --> vtaedo : itelx
vtaedo --> pcedmr : tmdqt
pcedmr --> izgtcs : puutw
izgtcs --> ncnstx : pgqwq
ncnstx --> vbfinr : hdrlh
vbfinr --> oxdxri : jampb
oxdxri --> loisew : dfdwg
state guetlp <<choice>>
loisew --> guetlp : tlhrr
guetlp --> icfdvy : rpxj
icfdvy --> ulwewc : rlokb
ulwewc --> ktbked : fflou
ktbked --> aankol : kgwtu
aankol --> fnylli : nfspjdh
guetlp --> pbtbav : kkcg
pbtbav --> yahrgz : shgkk
yahrgz --> fnylli : flwutau
fnylli --> jvkirm : mwynt
jvkirm --> [*] : mcpme
@enduml