@startuml
hide empty description
state olvowy
[*] --> olvowy : ffnzc
olvowy --> rxqpjj : xrsrh
state xxdchx <<choice>>
rxqpjj --> xxdchx : uwpgt
xxdchx --> keujtj : mduj
keujtj --> bmlmbe : lrvto
bmlmbe --> mvleyg : ulpcn
mvleyg --> fjtjta : vluwo
fjtjta --> ahvkrl : zzrgfpb
xxdchx --> cfeuox : dbvk
cfeuox --> gnjgbf : xnypn
gnjgbf --> rdilnj : biyvz
rdilnj --> ahvkrl : iptswaj
ahvkrl --> zstfyj : pykci
zstfyj --> kxmnws : bzldv
kxmnws --> xsptpa : tucli
xsptpa --> gcxjcl : whcrr
gcxjcl --> rgvfed : qcbqc
rgvfed --> iwifly : pjoia
iwifly --> ouhrrh : zagjs
state ouhrrh {
ukjmpg --> oetnur : npixm
oetnur --> chmzog : pyrae
chmzog --> kccgyv : dbhdt
kccgyv --> [*] : gktks
}
ouhrrh --> tdoprm : uvdlw
state tdoprm {
[*] --> csumjj : hqjir
csumjj --> azzrhl : itdng
}
tdoprm --> kjxwjg : lpixn
kjxwjg --> [*] : tsttz
@enduml