@startuml
hide empty description
state ovuboe
ovuboe --> fmwure : jcwdo
fmwure --> bpstpa : soyxc
bpstpa --> ulfbhx : efplj
ulfbhx --> dsfvak : dtsmf
state dbwjxw <<fork>>
dsfvak --> dbwjxw : tranl
state frgmkc <<join>>
dbwjxw --> dhnjlz : czpr
dhnjlz --> qdaify : esost
qdaify --> jvkrjl : ddgsq
jvkrjl --> frgmkc : ussmfvj
dbwjxw --> djximr : kvxj
djximr --> bcehil : lsjgd
bcehil --> yoqyka : jpdow
yoqyka --> frgmkc : xdcixtk
dbwjxw --> jwffkv : asql
jwffkv --> sbztev : aesjv
sbztev --> vbdwny : wgimg
vbdwny --> eksihn : yqfcx
eksihn --> frgmkc : lkhqbqr
frgmkc --> zhrmin : zaadh
@enduml