@startuml
hide empty description
state tavqjc
tavqjc --> cqqcni : rfcdx
state njoqof <<fork>>
cqqcni --> njoqof : ggvrf
state wlxqft <<join>>
njoqof --> fkayzl : ovxf
fkayzl --> rtbrhn : rtguw
rtbrhn --> ijtuho : njwir
ijtuho --> wlxqft : esuwbhf
njoqof --> jczlrq : leqq
jczlrq --> zcbmbo : xajfw
zcbmbo --> wlxqft : cjeffft
wlxqft --> zvraca : qtcjx
zvraca --> eigtig : rznye
state izcfud <<choice>>
eigtig --> izcfud : bpczb
izcfud --> exdqrg : unno
exdqrg --> mqvbhr : ccccw
mqvbhr --> ryihiw : gwhvd
ryihiw --> emtnoy : zwivfwh
izcfud --> ubzmvd : zmtk
ubzmvd --> rgyjmv : gzrfk
rgyjmv --> kquhfn : cayuh
kquhfn --> emtnoy : etecqsy
izcfud --> isbqgt : ihvf
isbqgt --> pzauwe : vruvg
pzauwe --> emtnoy : lmewlst
emtnoy --> zbmvib : wzxeb
zbmvib --> fividp : skboh
fividp --> rbsrtg : wazhf
rbsrtg --> udvcsc : nwhhm
udvcsc --> bchkbe : qnqei
bchkbe --> tezfhu : ixsal
tezfhu --> reqrpa : luddg
state ywjzcb <<choice>>
reqrpa --> ywjzcb : ccbuu
ywjzcb --> kdjyqi : awyc
kdjyqi --> lxajcg : lakyy
lxajcg --> hxdzrl : bwrtp
hxdzrl --> tdpaag : vifwt
tdpaag --> qyhbsu : nblqqfg
ywjzcb --> tapxkh : chox
tapxkh --> tkuodl : dpokp
tkuodl --> qyhbsu : ppvodsv
ywjzcb --> rfpust : ocpc
rfpust --> hzhztg : dokyy
hzhztg --> eiytpi : efyzv
eiytpi --> uihmwt : vxzmg
uihmwt --> qyhbsu : tgfqxqm
qyhbsu --> [*] : vtsfp
@enduml