@startuml
state bafehw
bafehw --> gvbfff : fskij
gvbfff --> tbymjq : nrvsw
tbymjq --> ewcocv : qfkki
ewcocv --> wspksr : bmnpq
state zjgiem <<fork>>
wspksr --> zjgiem : isunv
state qanwmy <<join>>
zjgiem --> ztnllu : gtua
ztnllu --> xuffcd : nopnx
xuffcd --> qanwmy : cnzwzag
zjgiem --> dpvfng : lbqs
dpvfng --> agfdou : jyswc
agfdou --> qanwmy : pqmnnzz
zjgiem --> egdazk : qzci
egdazk --> awfzgq : tbytg
awfzgq --> eziovq : wncif
eziovq --> dfwciw : oywxy
dfwciw --> qanwmy : kwdhixq
qanwmy --> vimvzk : mbjsd
vimvzk --> uylpqv : cldxl
uylpqv --> slmlfb : gvhey
slmlfb --> sbjswx : qhkox
sbjswx --> tkcrpi : caodb
tkcrpi --> ldicwk : pcwgm
ldicwk --> rlapwa : hicgi
@enduml