@startuml
state iojqsv
iojqsv --> owjpdl : ixpkf
owjpdl --> kcknrc : zuuye
state kcknrc {
[*] --> rpfsyp : zemwn
rpfsyp --> sufmrx : vowdn
}
kcknrc --> coxobg : pkxyw
state yarbaw <<choice>>
coxobg --> yarbaw : mhtii
yarbaw --> ciwqfb : pxiz
ciwqfb --> eygout : kpqal
eygout --> uzynhw : kgzkh
uzynhw --> bsmdnr : cyniacp
yarbaw --> gzjtit : qypj
gzjtit --> acrzum : amxct
acrzum --> bsmdnr : wijdzov
yarbaw --> bdghhe : zsxc
bdghhe --> gmezpl : sbanv
gmezpl --> xddcpt : irgzm
xddcpt --> bsmdnr : emitxra
bsmdnr --> avtrxy : topbj
state vrmlvg <<fork>>
avtrxy --> vrmlvg : baygh
state chugag <<join>>
vrmlvg --> auntdf : nsbe
auntdf --> mzugud : rbssb
mzugud --> zbparm : jsmwj
zbparm --> yijgav : ttfzy
yijgav --> chugag : xjuwgrt
vrmlvg --> ijqmox : ugxp
ijqmox --> ebjnfa : urvwy
ebjnfa --> pticqe : ijvrt
pticqe --> dqdjyr : lvfvp
dqdjyr --> chugag : enkyndg
vrmlvg --> mkkxij : ztig
mkkxij --> xpzgly : qlfyy
xpzgly --> chugag : dbofufv
chugag --> uoxyzv : fiaof
uoxyzv --> xqgvaa : exuxq
xqgvaa --> [*] : tvsgj
@enduml