@startuml
state loomjk
[*] --> loomjk : svdbd
loomjk --> xticta : ywcth
xticta --> gomngp : zkghg
gomngp --> nelfrt : iymgv
nelfrt --> hzldub : ggwst
hzldub --> uluknq : jvfrz
uluknq --> udlsws : nfgmy
udlsws --> dfjyip : indam
dfjyip --> ngpkfd : exgnl
ngpkfd --> wvtanb : zzmoq
state hcljjd <<fork>>
wvtanb --> hcljjd : zjubc
state dkadui <<join>>
hcljjd --> blofer : pjjg
blofer --> ymfkcd : debxa
ymfkcd --> dkadui : kwvgmjg
hcljjd --> cxurzf : bevo
cxurzf --> sbkkdn : zpptb
sbkkdn --> dkadui : lvzkwkk
dkadui --> csrtip : otvtq
csrtip --> rpsqze : voanb
rpsqze --> wtpvjt : keymj
wtpvjt --> hbfpxr : vnumn
hbfpxr --> haqrlt : kqzsj
haqrlt --> vcgucm : tetkv
@enduml