@startuml
state gphycv
state dpwssb <<choice>>
gphycv --> dpwssb : wkhzx
dpwssb --> bxfzta : dgai
bxfzta --> pezmbv : hztsk
pezmbv --> heqfev : xqyia
heqfev --> yzyfog : geuga
yzyfog --> pyvtyt : cvjamkf
dpwssb --> mtdudl : ymej
mtdudl --> jvfeng : gqkte
jvfeng --> ruosxd : nofxc
ruosxd --> eyogse : eramz
eyogse --> pyvtyt : jiwhmge
state paihip <<choice>>
pyvtyt --> paihip : fkmsp
paihip --> irzppn : iaba
irzppn --> kpztoe : hqnlq
kpztoe --> mpmuhv : homdmbq
paihip --> edxrsw : oaue
edxrsw --> rksdtb : ogvtm
rksdtb --> mpmuhv : gtypvzh
mpmuhv --> mqtrzt : plcfe
mqtrzt --> iftnsn : ugtxz
iftnsn --> jullwl : jhtdk
jullwl --> glvmzj : ahkjq
glvmzj --> dvrger : fzgww
dvrger --> tmhcxd : yfwtr
tmhcxd --> pliyve : ltwth
@enduml