@startuml
state dodkmo
dodkmo --> wntjif : wntqg
wntjif --> woxgtm : zmkzn
woxgtm --> ewnggp : fapmm
ewnggp --> aqmhmh : pdfyl
aqmhmh --> ywpyfu : bfivc
ywpyfu --> jtqavn : plchf
jtqavn --> qgxozc : ahmmi
qgxozc --> nfrasx : tfepv
state hprevd <<choice>>
nfrasx --> hprevd : cslex
hprevd --> whmkrr : eojx
whmkrr --> pkznoc : uopsg
pkznoc --> ksemaw : ejzkr
ksemaw --> iipfzi : gxzrv
iipfzi --> bxmwfg : omdezko
hprevd --> agsgdt : ufpx
agsgdt --> uwohof : funft
uwohof --> npwajz : xeupc
npwajz --> bxmwfg : qznwkbq
bxmwfg --> [*] : sezld
@enduml