@startuml
hide empty description
state rlouuk
[*] --> rlouuk : fboys
rlouuk --> hmzsmy : vpurj
state ihcird <<fork>>
hmzsmy --> ihcird : qalaj
state uzhojz <<join>>
ihcird --> hxyncl : labc
hxyncl --> encssx : psoxe
encssx --> wrptzy : qxxwy
wrptzy --> uzhojz : qcqonaf
ihcird --> yqwxna : gpnp
yqwxna --> ffhwgu : jkqgn
ffhwgu --> uzhojz : xnqlzyw
ihcird --> wzssph : qqzv
wzssph --> mrwqwl : eepnh
mrwqwl --> mygbkb : xgnew
mygbkb --> lzhfcx : ayogw
lzhfcx --> uzhojz : spvdkye
uzhojz --> unvvaw : urfki
state unvvaw {
snzhmx --> cwzkax : sjfnd
cwzkax --> mljxpz : iajst
mljxpz --> [*] : gilbk
}
unvvaw --> mdthfh : twqgf
state uiackl <<choice>>
mdthfh --> uiackl : soafk
uiackl --> vuyklj : phqf
vuyklj --> ruwqzv : yqkso
ruwqzv --> icvjxq : cahds
icvjxq --> ouxusp : ydrrj
ouxusp --> zgrrob : iwxbota
uiackl --> mjrzuz : wzle
mjrzuz --> hqlrmt : vixyf
hqlrmt --> zgrrob : rjnuupi
zgrrob --> cscdii : fsnlv
cscdii --> mrnbza : wfbou
mrnbza --> wlyqsv : jgagz
wlyqsv --> uctdol : xrluh
uctdol --> pdicxb : vvapw
pdicxb --> tnmygs : phjic
tnmygs --> [*] : hiyqv
@enduml