@startuml
state grjqka
[*] --> grjqka : smucy
grjqka --> wgndxn : fuamz
wgndxn --> zvssgw : skcxm
zvssgw --> kfrqfi : hesjk
kfrqfi --> gjcftn : fbuyf
gjcftn --> pdkeyk : hkyck
pdkeyk --> uhzyxb : kkvmv
uhzyxb --> emkadz : xwakc
state vvblwd <<choice>>
emkadz --> vvblwd : lwedj
vvblwd --> pkqgnn : ebwp
pkqgnn --> fbhzta : eqrrx
fbhzta --> pkacmt : hlkribb
vvblwd --> qkovdb : bdfa
qkovdb --> xlffhf : kolge
xlffhf --> xgjtnj : crsxu
xgjtnj --> pkacmt : pobeiud
pkacmt --> pmsswd : eqjrs
state pmsswd {
rckbcv --> qhddkv : aswsu
qhddkv --> xrzfiy : goivv
xrzfiy --> hvhaqe : ufiwu
hvhaqe --> [*] : lerbg
}
pmsswd --> irmvzg : pcyii
irmvzg --> pvsnof : lzlov
pvsnof --> fnogua : cuonr
fnogua --> rzbvak : zyakc
rzbvak --> umnbvi : pemeo
state umnbvi {
imadbb --> zxuvoc : ljrxw
zxuvoc --> [*] : meymb
}
@enduml