@startuml
state uumbji
uumbji --> rcydot : xqbdz
rcydot --> mhgxjp : adznf
state wslkmg <<choice>>
mhgxjp --> wslkmg : amkuj
wslkmg --> qbwcxb : uurb
qbwcxb --> sqfkgr : pkzsp
sqfkgr --> jxstvf : wddlp
jxstvf --> wwxlko : azudfpl
wslkmg --> kobngn : klhm
kobngn --> djdmof : lzsyc
djdmof --> wwxlko : gfjtjbb
wslkmg --> mssboo : utfb
mssboo --> yosfrp : cisls
yosfrp --> wwxlko : oqfiwwj
state yzoolx <<choice>>
wwxlko --> yzoolx : xzhmb
yzoolx --> lhceki : wtdp
lhceki --> anlpoz : ejtas
anlpoz --> iomigb : pqbmc
iomigb --> gpopse : bxiyg
gpopse --> ohmvep : vwgouoe
yzoolx --> qajvel : qwcg
qajvel --> nhfkgn : elhpt
nhfkgn --> ohmvep : tuhuaja
ohmvep --> felyam : rqktq
felyam --> amkkvb : cmvob
@enduml