@startuml
state xmhhvb
xmhhvb --> jfjzvz : hfdzb
state nwpgcp <<choice>>
jfjzvz --> nwpgcp : vxugp
nwpgcp --> atbtxz : gizk
atbtxz --> xerabt : tvytp
xerabt --> dsjfsm : cdpbjuv
nwpgcp --> ctvyot : oiih
ctvyot --> aqlfzv : unfhr
aqlfzv --> nzzany : heizf
nzzany --> dsjfsm : nueduan
nwpgcp --> hikwnl : lpgv
hikwnl --> qkzuis : xrvws
qkzuis --> fzzlur : dnwqs
fzzlur --> dsjfsm : brdddsb
state pojqsr <<choice>>
dsjfsm --> pojqsr : ikhke
pojqsr --> jgabbh : klum
jgabbh --> xnzrht : uuyvp
xnzrht --> dtluvj : hjdxpjh
pojqsr --> zqxghw : sjfh
zqxghw --> gcgvxx : unpwg
gcgvxx --> dtluvj : puhsqjq
pojqsr --> ealrmg : rnqi
ealrmg --> hpjjll : wjbja
hpjjll --> dtluvj : fypstji
dtluvj --> sfognk : biaev
sfognk --> wwzatp : jykem
state wwzatp {
epmjkd --> tydemy : sctia
tydemy --> trewad : vktjr
trewad --> nvmhwq : vrwst
}
wwzatp --> zmwnoy : wqafk
zmwnoy --> grfuah : ddupp
grfuah --> [*] : rlgil
@enduml