@startuml
state pmalll
[*] --> pmalll : uvhwx
pmalll --> ljgcih : hqznu
ljgcih --> zxqghd : ryxuz
state dctbzh <<fork>>
zxqghd --> dctbzh : kzqzo
state gwnlmx <<join>>
dctbzh --> mveawo : neks
mveawo --> pptpri : zemks
pptpri --> iwsbpv : jicpv
iwsbpv --> gwnlmx : akzzpml
dctbzh --> qinqus : wqwc
qinqus --> bxrjcx : dkrti
bxrjcx --> fkddoy : wsdtp
fkddoy --> gwnlmx : pqqcrft
dctbzh --> fcjjay : edcf
fcjjay --> fgftre : rhcuc
fgftre --> lbtjjf : fuszp
lbtjjf --> ehutcg : fpiyg
ehutcg --> gwnlmx : xfmzknr
gwnlmx --> huqscd : bgscp
state huqscd {
[*] --> xzfmot : xqgss
xzfmot --> ecdsja : crebg
ecdsja --> uzljic : ejffo
uzljic --> [*] : kgacb
}
huqscd --> nnpctg : iuevc
nnpctg --> lmxtrq : pnyaa
lmxtrq --> uqwekp : dhozn
uqwekp --> lgsdir : aicup
lgsdir --> [*] : svbxe
@enduml