@startuml
hide empty description
state iluxzn
[*] --> iluxzn : zgfyx
iluxzn --> owvbqn : tjnyv
owvbqn --> ceuzyn : fzvus
ceuzyn --> jnsgtd : yyyex
jnsgtd --> houhjh : fdbay
houhjh --> rsevxq : nrovh
rsevxq --> jixeko : qikif
state zioxzl <<choice>>
jixeko --> zioxzl : qmkdx
zioxzl --> ccmqvo : gkss
ccmqvo --> ydhryc : ofzmh
ydhryc --> ksvcos : iqtex
ksvcos --> fniiet : tyznyde
zioxzl --> bixmyi : xjpx
bixmyi --> nmozkn : pqnec
nmozkn --> hvevkg : snlkf
hvevkg --> fniiet : ainfejf
zioxzl --> tfkqce : nzac
tfkqce --> zgurex : lpllb
zgurex --> fniiet : evfvwvm
state cwqwco <<fork>>
fniiet --> cwqwco : xnjer
state johnvx <<join>>
cwqwco --> fwdkoj : yxwi
fwdkoj --> iqabgc : qumue
iqabgc --> fcduxp : mdrfb
fcduxp --> whlmrk : xfanv
whlmrk --> johnvx : rnodlap
cwqwco --> suavhy : nyny
suavhy --> xqadyg : slglf
xqadyg --> uxirww : jwbxx
uxirww --> lgycfi : oeipr
lgycfi --> johnvx : zpgsfib
cwqwco --> brqxmc : fxjd
brqxmc --> afhnco : zcyyr
afhnco --> ehttfr : zjgid
ehttfr --> johnvx : jtmwauz
@enduml