@startuml
hide empty description
state fhcuxa
fhcuxa --> nlgxtp : fahev
nlgxtp --> fieyjd : qcmcl
state wnsonw <<choice>>
fieyjd --> wnsonw : bqtau
wnsonw --> synhea : hlij
synhea --> hkjrib : pdzkv
hkjrib --> scvsjn : uukrz
scvsjn --> sksxln : zjolaza
wnsonw --> qvhkty : kjfx
qvhkty --> qhldlc : vwbvn
qhldlc --> sksxln : brcpjms
wnsonw --> srvlnw : sudj
srvlnw --> fxbetw : uctup
fxbetw --> mtjuig : gclid
mtjuig --> idwiiz : vuszz
idwiiz --> sksxln : trxhjco
sksxln --> kxqgxb : lebus
kxqgxb --> stlwon : czytk
stlwon --> tfktzg : urvnt
state tfktzg {
[*] --> wexkys : lqyax
wexkys --> swvbch : mjhdy
}
tfktzg --> [*] : htyem
@enduml