@startuml
hide empty description
state fjhzll
state sabbjk <<fork>>
fjhzll --> sabbjk : sfdjg
state nvfvnj <<join>>
sabbjk --> lpfyvg : dlbh
lpfyvg --> dsqvrb : zoexg
dsqvrb --> nvfvnj : agzkfgz
sabbjk --> webdbr : hmim
webdbr --> cnzklv : mbdgt
cnzklv --> dbbger : hurpg
dbbger --> nvfvnj : widramz
nvfvnj --> ifrbhn : vznjv
ifrbhn --> imhkkv : jlhex
imhkkv --> mpscjc : elvhg
mpscjc --> djgbjf : igzca
djgbjf --> wwwxjn : pxhhr
wwwxjn --> nchrhq : bcqac
nchrhq --> uweymm : biqgn
state gdiwgb <<choice>>
uweymm --> gdiwgb : fwdzn
gdiwgb --> xkxyeg : uuhn
xkxyeg --> swycti : uhcap
swycti --> pmyquj : ddesbdr
gdiwgb --> qdpgij : rqbz
qdpgij --> rpsbpx : vjztq
rpsbpx --> pubdsh : uggke
pubdsh --> pmyquj : catentz
gdiwgb --> qxxsjj : jzpf
qxxsjj --> zdufgu : peydl
zdufgu --> zbihsh : qtekt
zbihsh --> nvaiao : gzcxz
nvaiao --> pmyquj : guahziy
pmyquj --> [*] : ohvbo
@enduml