@startuml
state haepgq
[*] --> haepgq : qkzrm
haepgq --> krsxap : jjjds
state olboif <<choice>>
krsxap --> olboif : egxot
olboif --> neukaw : crkj
neukaw --> xsdfgu : qlsnk
xsdfgu --> bqfnmu : xwpys
bqfnmu --> bwduer : eggxe
bwduer --> wfozyl : jmmcrkh
olboif --> acpvms : saxr
acpvms --> joptpr : pwbkq
joptpr --> wfozyl : ppynxns
olboif --> fwatbq : tbgv
fwatbq --> pxfnbt : hkvzx
pxfnbt --> kgywaw : ydcxu
kgywaw --> ngcufh : fjzpt
ngcufh --> wfozyl : auixjkq
wfozyl --> qpgrmu : dvopo
qpgrmu --> kdryiy : maogf
state kdryiy {
[*] --> ulajav : bbthz
ulajav --> ccaltd : mywxv
ccaltd --> [*] : mteqm
}
kdryiy --> [*] : ygjue
@enduml