@startuml
state zmfsij
zmfsij --> slftar : sfmtv
slftar --> nfljfx : kumae
nfljfx --> rpxxoh : lnmrt
state kafuum <<fork>>
rpxxoh --> kafuum : qsvih
state xnglvm <<join>>
kafuum --> vmxqxp : hjoh
vmxqxp --> xvhspi : ousdw
xvhspi --> sxcxdu : viyej
sxcxdu --> xnglvm : huqiivi
kafuum --> ddifrc : frqq
ddifrc --> haohev : ylywp
haohev --> uypmva : vfsjb
uypmva --> xbjyjk : dqcpr
xbjyjk --> xnglvm : itobeap
kafuum --> smoymn : fqnr
smoymn --> omieat : hjwuq
omieat --> kyjrjg : xgaiw
kyjrjg --> xnglvm : zvmydeh
xnglvm --> kzzzfq : dpdtl
kzzzfq --> uwmsya : bxrcy
uwmsya --> vybhbr : hiymq
state hjfkzs <<choice>>
vybhbr --> hjfkzs : leovw
hjfkzs --> tivitc : msfv
tivitc --> svjkht : stfzg
svjkht --> gupbpj : enozk
gupbpj --> ybslun : dufojmb
hjfkzs --> ndoidh : oprf
ndoidh --> rjhbpy : ywopd
rjhbpy --> cbelcn : ouloo
cbelcn --> jtsaeq : sztpq
jtsaeq --> ybslun : hgwqnwk
ybslun --> [*] : uupgv
@enduml