@startuml
hide empty description
state gmjyto
gmjyto --> ectpjw : ubnjg
ectpjw --> oficjq : cxfro
state pboxkt <<fork>>
oficjq --> pboxkt : uprww
state sbxcyt <<join>>
pboxkt --> aixkzf : lbte
aixkzf --> bbicay : yekzi
bbicay --> afujgg : geclp
afujgg --> fmgbpu : lwukv
fmgbpu --> sbxcyt : pgzdjfu
pboxkt --> pdcuxz : urlh
pdcuxz --> wunxta : jgbon
wunxta --> gpbytb : qebbl
gpbytb --> daenht : aaera
daenht --> sbxcyt : cdpchgt
pboxkt --> hjhiuq : kbne
hjhiuq --> kojbow : nhylg
kojbow --> nhxznt : bjklm
nhxznt --> sbxcyt : ztebicc
sbxcyt --> [*] : jyepc
@enduml