@startuml
hide empty description
state sidubp
[*] --> sidubp : yhzka
sidubp --> glotfk : llekc
glotfk --> tamnjl : efkvi
tamnjl --> fvfchp : qdltz
fvfchp --> jcxjfr : yxqke
state jcxjfr {
snwjgj --> kgwusg : adsxp
kgwusg --> yhtsyh : afqan
yhtsyh --> woqxyy : wmsqj
}
jcxjfr --> ahlxjj : qvrxl
state ltormg <<fork>>
ahlxjj --> ltormg : dlveu
state iprfvy <<join>>
ltormg --> eyusfz : kpjz
eyusfz --> aoeifn : euccg
aoeifn --> iatune : vuvbm
iatune --> xsjywx : slrjo
xsjywx --> iprfvy : orpmguj
ltormg --> pdxvso : wgzy
pdxvso --> xpmntv : bsfdu
xpmntv --> brjhlr : yenes
brjhlr --> iprfvy : xhloffd
iprfvy --> [*] : uhpwi
@enduml