@startuml
hide empty description
state fwkvgx
state ievepj <<fork>>
fwkvgx --> ievepj : moeqq
state plltqz <<join>>
ievepj --> qwqxeg : jlky
qwqxeg --> aacykl : bfnsb
aacykl --> mepadd : lhykq
mepadd --> xpioua : ojgaw
xpioua --> plltqz : gooylrf
ievepj --> mpmzav : fzpg
mpmzav --> ebxhsn : qpztx
ebxhsn --> ppxlos : kyeax
ppxlos --> njvyaq : hxxhf
njvyaq --> plltqz : cyhbzsk
plltqz --> ccfepq : dfmpb
ccfepq --> tfgvpu : pvlpt
tfgvpu --> bvhuea : zgjhz
bvhuea --> jnohtt : rmsdj
jnohtt --> gxysuq : osqfh
gxysuq --> [*] : ninek
@enduml