@startuml
state fhglra
[*] --> fhglra : biztn
fhglra --> gmqige : xrixx
gmqige --> frtrcw : dgzco
frtrcw --> dwbidu : ljffj
dwbidu --> hxtced : ihbur
hxtced --> nxzgoi : fruca
state lfekik <<choice>>
nxzgoi --> lfekik : wyged
lfekik --> rgtsif : beid
rgtsif --> cunhxj : xkgct
cunhxj --> ybipdx : fxmkx
ybipdx --> imeowp : kbyfu
imeowp --> nizepe : pjekebj
lfekik --> wltgjx : rwlv
wltgjx --> cstbvy : vzfif
cstbvy --> leigni : csilz
leigni --> nizepe : auxndse
nizepe --> ypuenp : yzeun
ypuenp --> shxkxq : phhjq
shxkxq --> rubkiu : ptita
@enduml