@startuml
hide empty description
state earayd
[*] --> earayd : zxwwi
state spdvqi <<choice>>
earayd --> spdvqi : tsvqk
spdvqi --> cknhge : rwie
cknhge --> ribank : eizkl
ribank --> ogjiim : xjwmt
ogjiim --> ngbpkj : bcrmi
ngbpkj --> pgbkcw : qiedcae
spdvqi --> nwwrlq : kwbp
nwwrlq --> frhhzv : kyjcm
frhhzv --> pgbkcw : bztdxre
spdvqi --> mqgezw : szda
mqgezw --> xdkhqw : ddnhr
xdkhqw --> pgbkcw : ehslmda
pgbkcw --> cjsxsa : uevws
state tyxhpp <<fork>>
cjsxsa --> tyxhpp : rjlfo
state wrhoeu <<join>>
tyxhpp --> bemtue : rkkc
bemtue --> kwhwzr : kfeta
kwhwzr --> wrhoeu : tkagqxw
tyxhpp --> wokwfb : vhhz
wokwfb --> oextkk : hsgcq
oextkk --> ttwzsy : kvzsd
ttwzsy --> wrhoeu : qqurokt
wrhoeu --> eskkji : igxlb
state eskkji {
dapjce --> xgeswc : yhscg
xgeswc --> pjlfvj : lnukr
pjlfvj --> ppgceu : dgpqr
ppgceu --> [*] : gcuaq
}
eskkji --> [*] : hbozp
@enduml