@startuml
state gwqprv
gwqprv --> jvxspz : jrjnf
jvxspz --> yhjhlk : kydwv
yhjhlk --> qkhgmj : uplnw
qkhgmj --> lccvtc : umice
state erqqqh <<fork>>
lccvtc --> erqqqh : ustia
state ueolnd <<join>>
erqqqh --> whrgxj : dhpc
whrgxj --> vnicsk : mrgbi
vnicsk --> ueolnd : yvdbwjt
erqqqh --> dxethx : idys
dxethx --> ypogpp : fvmkp
ypogpp --> qhfeee : vfcpy
qhfeee --> cnobne : oiyhk
cnobne --> ueolnd : oehwjzc
erqqqh --> sitnsg : ghnk
sitnsg --> mmbgmg : vgoqf
mmbgmg --> ueolnd : lhrhyqz
ueolnd --> epxthi : mkfxl
epxthi --> tcxmvi : nekzk
state lfllqs <<choice>>
tcxmvi --> lfllqs : rlggn
lfllqs --> glthcz : uyed
glthcz --> jngbqm : jqxwu
jngbqm --> jyfrwq : qrljfmw
lfllqs --> vybrsu : shru
vybrsu --> cpskev : chqmk
cpskev --> sycefo : ndsdx
sycefo --> jyfrwq : muosugm
lfllqs --> zyvcsy : rhmm
zyvcsy --> zehcok : lqvcn
zehcok --> jyfrwq : djgcvod
jyfrwq --> znequf : xzpph
state bsllyj <<choice>>
znequf --> bsllyj : mpuhf
bsllyj --> qfrary : jnya
qfrary --> hpehoy : hxmap
hpehoy --> spcswq : pgdqyoe
bsllyj --> klqlfl : lxgm
klqlfl --> huyrtv : meglw
huyrtv --> hhlqgr : xvrtz
hhlqgr --> uyluww : gbbdc
uyluww --> spcswq : ncsxnrs
bsllyj --> wtmcqe : crml
wtmcqe --> phyvga : nadqh
phyvga --> fbvbbj : peghe
fbvbbj --> spcswq : lxuphfr
spcswq --> edkevr : okxoh
edkevr --> hlwtsn : rwxfh
hlwtsn --> hbtjyv : pnwwe
hbtjyv --> oxwoef : zruaj
oxwoef --> ehxtie : ffbqf
ehxtie --> ynuqux : ktwty
ynuqux --> [*] : mzyjb
@enduml