@startuml
hide empty description
state incxon
incxon --> nzgvzr : giluk
state vdvbdv <<fork>>
nzgvzr --> vdvbdv : dyfrz
state gyiohs <<join>>
vdvbdv --> zkjcyr : vwpn
zkjcyr --> ihckki : leuof
ihckki --> gyiohs : azftagy
vdvbdv --> ntkjss : lsxb
ntkjss --> bjoecz : uprqp
bjoecz --> chszbg : cixov
chszbg --> thtplr : qcftw
thtplr --> gyiohs : ssnrmug
vdvbdv --> eodaxn : xknn
eodaxn --> cixgei : qkpob
cixgei --> afkfng : sbjtp
afkfng --> zedqor : ibvxe
zedqor --> gyiohs : eegcehc
gyiohs --> kpvorw : iruhz
state yfejtt <<choice>>
kpvorw --> yfejtt : lkugu
yfejtt --> ullifd : tvcf
ullifd --> dpjfno : igykn
dpjfno --> myohws : jppzllq
yfejtt --> ucqnet : eggr
ucqnet --> yzsrhh : nvepj
yzsrhh --> myohws : piwpjaw
myohws --> phhpcm : dxwfj
phhpcm --> hfxzjv : kvfwj
hfxzjv --> [*] : dvuen
@enduml