@startuml
state ulocxn
ulocxn --> zckbaw : vexaz
zckbaw --> qnzdiv : xmutl
qnzdiv --> lutaih : bjwxx
lutaih --> kssgam : kzume
kssgam --> nnhoyd : kszdy
nnhoyd --> unirfp : dljpv
unirfp --> bqpoxg : spgxq
bqpoxg --> jrqpmn : fobzp
jrqpmn --> rqugjl : nngng
rqugjl --> xeigmc : gqhuv
xeigmc --> irrquw : nsawo
irrquw --> lcjznx : setav
lcjznx --> vfxoxz : cfpbl
vfxoxz --> okjxfr : ganil
state jaedcx <<fork>>
okjxfr --> jaedcx : sagxm
state vtgfjn <<join>>
jaedcx --> ftzgio : wdfa
ftzgio --> ifsbgv : ojhsy
ifsbgv --> dmadrg : fsrdx
dmadrg --> vtgfjn : iefuwwz
jaedcx --> rxttbr : pouw
rxttbr --> seyatp : ledmm
seyatp --> dqjkvl : emqdv
dqjkvl --> gwthqo : gpazy
gwthqo --> vtgfjn : fplhjex
jaedcx --> dvygti : hewl
dvygti --> iixdan : tbewm
iixdan --> vrlkyv : rmilq
vrlkyv --> vtgfjn : qwzjviz
state jykwgp <<choice>>
vtgfjn --> jykwgp : qbxxp
jykwgp --> tqzlly : fsch
tqzlly --> pwqvit : fxkhy
pwqvit --> kmecbf : ryqlt
kmecbf --> naymwm : axpfblp
jykwgp --> dwwwma : cofo
dwwwma --> tsaydp : pvyrz
tsaydp --> naymwm : mpqybho
jykwgp --> kibszm : gbao
kibszm --> gefgdb : aomwk
gefgdb --> apokns : vhovk
apokns --> dcievw : pmabd
dcievw --> naymwm : tpjlcov
naymwm --> [*] : jaoqj
@enduml