@startuml
state tpzivg
[*] --> tpzivg : yjoqt
tpzivg --> guftqe : cewfi
guftqe --> pixwrx : hvjkx
state pixwrx {
[*] --> pszvoz : whfql
pszvoz --> wxfgyc : exisv
wxfgyc --> pvpccl : ffxfr
pvpccl --> yzuvpi : pflwv
yzuvpi --> [*] : ryada
}
state omhqef <<fork>>
pixwrx --> omhqef : istqh
state oixiwo <<join>>
omhqef --> pznxnn : wory
pznxnn --> jbcytq : gjjbo
jbcytq --> woxtlp : gpqji
woxtlp --> oixiwo : zgszldn
omhqef --> brcgdd : aknq
brcgdd --> tkbibp : wmpvu
tkbibp --> htgfek : lhpyp
htgfek --> oixiwo : dlrgnbr
omhqef --> etkulb : mcqu
etkulb --> bttmfb : rymym
bttmfb --> zhkwrd : jjleg
zhkwrd --> jwfhne : yrgdd
jwfhne --> oixiwo : agxblws
oixiwo --> ukdlfl : yiruv
ukdlfl --> [*] : npbnu
@enduml