@startuml
hide empty description
state zqvrgf
[*] --> zqvrgf : igmbn
state yquaof <<fork>>
zqvrgf --> yquaof : ulobv
state taglyh <<join>>
yquaof --> yykdsj : pokw
yykdsj --> gdxzrs : ynuzh
gdxzrs --> ltapfg : lommi
ltapfg --> doofqs : ynviw
doofqs --> taglyh : haysurf
yquaof --> edqqrr : gqqh
edqqrr --> kgqfqb : xghzk
kgqfqb --> zcsvbm : bkobk
zcsvbm --> taglyh : piyomfn
yquaof --> egxdiz : lwhh
egxdiz --> xpcayc : aujka
xpcayc --> taglyh : kqgskot
state nvlljo <<choice>>
taglyh --> nvlljo : zirsw
nvlljo --> nmzdur : spwu
nmzdur --> jzqtiy : qqnuc
jzqtiy --> nlofwf : uwdjyhv
nvlljo --> fiposj : euht
fiposj --> ksiuzx : soxhf
ksiuzx --> nrewdg : meahf
nrewdg --> liquzp : vreeh
liquzp --> nlofwf : ofvknjz
nlofwf --> imatue : aaade
state jpylxf <<choice>>
imatue --> jpylxf : pibtx
jpylxf --> lvamhk : aofi
lvamhk --> fiqoxc : jqyar
fiqoxc --> qvsigg : rkjkdnh
jpylxf --> ydlzpy : xhak
ydlzpy --> zunwfy : cdxgg
zunwfy --> hldxhn : pfgat
hldxhn --> qvsigg : krntuhw
jpylxf --> qnfnvx : aatd
qnfnvx --> wphdaq : igfxd
wphdaq --> kttrrk : pgvpi
kttrrk --> yrjdsk : akyht
yrjdsk --> qvsigg : tuawdci
qvsigg --> govobz : ncpxi
govobz --> vvdpuy : ndyve
state vvdpuy {
ennode --> kxiklw : mrnnr
}
vvdpuy --> vbmaib : yghik
vbmaib --> bqticb : mctmz
bqticb --> erqnxd : nugdg
@enduml