@startuml
hide empty description
state lnlgdq
lnlgdq --> govjzg : jemis
govjzg --> vcrgvj : qjhat
vcrgvj --> qqnokp : tvgux
qqnokp --> wqyska : vpdzn
state rdvdfr <<choice>>
wqyska --> rdvdfr : nxlkg
rdvdfr --> oxlpfv : clib
oxlpfv --> vivsqw : fzcvn
vivsqw --> fprgxo : tigohhp
rdvdfr --> todsut : yshc
todsut --> rntvvn : mowhr
rntvvn --> cxwjma : gcjdc
cxwjma --> fprgxo : dbuguhw
fprgxo --> wqjflh : dutxu
wqjflh --> ellzhj : njrtp
ellzhj --> ajqthf : urxjp
ajqthf --> iebooq : zgqpl
iebooq --> ezatpz : heyxu
ezatpz --> ranhrf : gptam
ranhrf --> wfghzk : epxzh
wfghzk --> dmllnu : eqoha
@enduml