@startuml
state jowcpu
[*] --> jowcpu : ujrki
state llqbct <<choice>>
jowcpu --> llqbct : qutez
llqbct --> mmwqki : fqkj
mmwqki --> rrgsyx : tczpr
rrgsyx --> vywcfc : brzopuj
llqbct --> htbckf : lfhd
htbckf --> uxgmdd : szwxj
uxgmdd --> pplmow : nghla
pplmow --> dswnxe : eentn
dswnxe --> vywcfc : ssumbrf
llqbct --> wzhxya : zwvv
wzhxya --> ujklot : segbv
ujklot --> bmcmbr : qbhhb
bmcmbr --> ukoqfl : yefub
ukoqfl --> vywcfc : bmgdzvn
vywcfc --> ytpwxe : zpfrt
ytpwxe --> arwydo : jgevw
arwydo --> pmoqbc : hjpzl
pmoqbc --> xexpwf : yosva
xexpwf --> kyujoo : egakd
kyujoo --> sffier : vmbzh
sffier --> yrpffa : sstbb
state kdlaak <<fork>>
yrpffa --> kdlaak : ymxao
state bmihlp <<join>>
kdlaak --> dqlzqr : cdjm
dqlzqr --> ccplse : svqhi
ccplse --> bmihlp : jiyablx
kdlaak --> xcrzle : orxr
xcrzle --> fsqckc : hoicr
fsqckc --> epekfo : vnyft
epekfo --> bmihlp : hkhgkft
kdlaak --> gngezh : dqlg
gngezh --> qzgrul : vsfdt
qzgrul --> ffwbgx : agzsg
ffwbgx --> bmihlp : xfzhrui
bmihlp --> lfmwvk : xesuw
lfmwvk --> atokcw : pexio
state djmgzp <<fork>>
atokcw --> djmgzp : azoab
state hknhdf <<join>>
djmgzp --> leobxk : rmko
leobxk --> zzwuso : idxis
zzwuso --> fwwzxz : gcgoj
fwwzxz --> xfoohw : fezvu
xfoohw --> hknhdf : plxieei
djmgzp --> hmkime : udvq
hmkime --> feznoo : fpynq
feznoo --> jtefkj : hgqdt
jtefkj --> hknhdf : dmsfxvf
hknhdf --> ppysty : fawgs
ppysty --> xogfhb : tethd
@enduml