@startuml
state snrjhm
state gwyohl <<choice>>
snrjhm --> gwyohl : wiufc
gwyohl --> gkihvf : gfeu
gkihvf --> gfujaw : qdekx
gfujaw --> yqicjo : ffirq
yqicjo --> pxtvqt : utzya
pxtvqt --> ttsike : mrymxmt
gwyohl --> phwjyg : xymy
phwjyg --> naormf : lxxpg
naormf --> orsexv : palit
orsexv --> qnqnhf : ubecu
qnqnhf --> ttsike : jioinyd
gwyohl --> jwkmpf : bksn
jwkmpf --> ccolbb : nxhhe
ccolbb --> ttsike : vfepthy
ttsike --> zmluyt : bfyxh
zmluyt --> iwtgej : bnutp
state iwtgej {
paydgg --> phigwk : jkfwm
phigwk --> awfdkj : cabtr
}
iwtgej --> jvedla : crvdk
state qpfavu <<fork>>
jvedla --> qpfavu : nehyy
state xygfsn <<join>>
qpfavu --> ysiqtu : jehv
ysiqtu --> mwqrib : djmcw
mwqrib --> xygfsn : cevqkxh
qpfavu --> kvrilh : xdhn
kvrilh --> qpobgu : xpcqv
qpobgu --> qxznwk : zmfly
qxznwk --> xygfsn : kdosjzv
xygfsn --> xbjzgf : oiusm
xbjzgf --> pwhulz : rwrmh
pwhulz --> pfuhne : pkeoz
pfuhne --> adtity : dymyx
adtity --> [*] : cmrjx
@enduml