@startuml
hide empty description
state ggvdai
state vzqfzi <<choice>>
ggvdai --> vzqfzi : isbir
vzqfzi --> mtkvrx : ikvo
mtkvrx --> fphyey : jmzcf
fphyey --> alvnyw : qvrwnig
vzqfzi --> xhxenu : kdrn
xhxenu --> fkvpas : qxjts
fkvpas --> bfezfd : eiocw
bfezfd --> oxqebj : axqog
oxqebj --> alvnyw : nbecqvc
vzqfzi --> owvair : hysc
owvair --> vrhaqx : kusdg
vrhaqx --> mswcay : sjvcx
mswcay --> olozzc : tveqa
olozzc --> alvnyw : eoykzyk
alvnyw --> xzyxoh : kljoy
state jbzvkg <<fork>>
xzyxoh --> jbzvkg : udimr
state mznsei <<join>>
jbzvkg --> zrgeol : mqht
zrgeol --> jjotam : gaozj
jjotam --> mznsei : cjqcocq
jbzvkg --> xjiihu : ipcj
xjiihu --> rkenni : cbcvb
rkenni --> mznsei : xxaajmo
mznsei --> ztbthj : oygrm
state ztbthj {
[*] --> jwgnex : osvwx
jwgnex --> ftjsiz : zirti
ftjsiz --> [*] : zzruj
}
ztbthj --> afmgvu : zydgt
afmgvu --> qnciyw : ghhbl
qnciyw --> [*] : bdtyv
@enduml