@startuml
hide empty description
state lkxoiz
lkxoiz --> stuulc : slmam
stuulc --> ftmcyl : eidog
ftmcyl --> xjnmhi : povlv
xjnmhi --> ohuyon : revfd
ohuyon --> wmtdzh : ditrc
wmtdzh --> pngbaq : ogcey
pngbaq --> qlllsg : ulphu
state jtqnit <<fork>>
qlllsg --> jtqnit : dkwix
state qifntm <<join>>
jtqnit --> wicdvf : umgj
wicdvf --> hdkwhi : lkfet
hdkwhi --> qifntm : sedipzl
jtqnit --> dtvkrr : kudf
dtvkrr --> aehdlh : qlssn
aehdlh --> fwfbbq : jvaef
fwfbbq --> mmmeib : hpwhz
mmmeib --> qifntm : hnffnls
jtqnit --> bybehq : yjwt
bybehq --> bamals : gzoig
bamals --> iifetn : nsyaw
iifetn --> qifntm : cgsyiad
qifntm --> fkmkem : hdkdi
fkmkem --> gsqghw : gfbof
gsqghw --> fdenac : bxgwe
fdenac --> gncabi : jdaul
gncabi --> xitueu : fysij
xitueu --> yvkegq : godqx
yvkegq --> jujtzx : cmupd
jujtzx --> [*] : uwggo
@enduml