@startuml
state wvydvz
wvydvz --> jaqrdi : yxrxr
jaqrdi --> wcptpi : gloux
state flbzil <<fork>>
wcptpi --> flbzil : einaa
state gulwpr <<join>>
flbzil --> igwljl : lfle
igwljl --> tfvieo : imstv
tfvieo --> gulwpr : cyleiiw
flbzil --> ajougo : fzza
ajougo --> nwuzee : rntvf
nwuzee --> ipcaff : vsbbr
ipcaff --> gulwpr : sxnhjqp
flbzil --> hfpxng : oeeh
hfpxng --> bjuvvx : iwplv
bjuvvx --> gulwpr : obxgsor
gulwpr --> okxnkg : qptyd
okxnkg --> assvru : evtfc
assvru --> ccvkxm : ujnzk
ccvkxm --> fphkrz : ixmez
fphkrz --> [*] : fvrwx
@enduml