@startuml
hide empty description
state sqntyq
[*] --> sqntyq : chjwz
sqntyq --> ailxef : ejbgk
ailxef --> cmusno : bqlmb
cmusno --> vmjlir : tkuww
vmjlir --> bmqjwo : bejup
state gweuro <<fork>>
bmqjwo --> gweuro : cvhws
state rfpusv <<join>>
gweuro --> ckuvhf : tbsr
ckuvhf --> xbssir : bpsqq
xbssir --> aicqug : ymcwm
aicqug --> jewhte : qvhjo
jewhte --> rfpusv : kdwuicd
gweuro --> rjzzzd : xgrl
rjzzzd --> ybtmvn : srtoz
ybtmvn --> rfpusv : vnrtfdr
gweuro --> qiqukt : ohrv
qiqukt --> hsagyu : glrdi
hsagyu --> rfpusv : xchctut
rfpusv --> sktaxh : ampzp
@enduml