@startuml
state ydbqnw
ydbqnw --> qlwnzx : xwysw
qlwnzx --> ovwkfm : xkodo
ovwkfm --> vvqzim : xeznl
vvqzim --> zwjsaf : amqbk
zwjsaf --> hydlfx : quprs
hydlfx --> pddfmd : bfhfm
state xqxzlw <<fork>>
pddfmd --> xqxzlw : cpnrk
state azsybz <<join>>
xqxzlw --> bdtuov : grhs
bdtuov --> iajixg : cxalx
iajixg --> azsybz : ulghynk
xqxzlw --> bytubp : jbtn
bytubp --> yjxlua : lwyor
yjxlua --> azsybz : okclrwe
azsybz --> euoaxt : wxgde
euoaxt --> dpzumu : kyebh
dpzumu --> nhqduu : tgcsx
nhqduu --> fhhkid : btnvt
fhhkid --> exqwdg : jddjc
@enduml