@startuml
hide empty description
state ilghvg
[*] --> ilghvg : yuasx
ilghvg --> rofmxv : ajalg
state rofmxv {
cunhyp --> jqqznr : xqbzp
jqqznr --> gqpman : rnskh
gqpman --> dgmnvo : xwbfq
}
state enbyqb <<choice>>
rofmxv --> enbyqb : rurox
enbyqb --> otbkfo : nwes
otbkfo --> wkyzin : karff
wkyzin --> bnsxym : qqolp
bnsxym --> vcugom : cqprx
vcugom --> tuyyub : pdajatb
enbyqb --> ipyelh : bfyp
ipyelh --> uuvaqj : nbdqy
uuvaqj --> aojdrm : ryjab
aojdrm --> tuyyub : bhntiui
tuyyub --> kpzsta : micem
state kpzsta {
layusf --> coztwi : xjkzo
coztwi --> ggeauv : xnjvb
ggeauv --> fgtrow : ckiek
}
kpzsta --> hwjhlt : cbhsp
@enduml