@startuml
state zcktvv
[*] --> zcktvv : tjqgx
zcktvv --> rvjsln : barjb
state cazzoo <<choice>>
rvjsln --> cazzoo : zzson
cazzoo --> fkmnbw : nlms
fkmnbw --> bujqua : srkjz
bujqua --> nltwaw : iqbxw
nltwaw --> oilmif : quxqd
oilmif --> jidqlk : ogyiiyo
cazzoo --> ztmtfw : bhtz
ztmtfw --> dxzqkl : ttqrl
dxzqkl --> eimxzv : fyfsc
eimxzv --> tykjvq : epoau
tykjvq --> jidqlk : msbdziq
cazzoo --> cvgqnf : zwib
cvgqnf --> ynkzxj : ipqin
ynkzxj --> alcefb : uzhim
alcefb --> fztmic : xugnc
fztmic --> jidqlk : arxvtdt
jidqlk --> rcmxdk : kfekv
rcmxdk --> lesnjo : trfgj
lesnjo --> nlzkvf : hldzn
nlzkvf --> bzhulw : uoecn
bzhulw --> vnlalq : aohrk
vnlalq --> [*] : wzykl
@enduml