@startuml
state ssoeql
ssoeql --> tlnauf : oyvwl
tlnauf --> xgvvhw : otxlm
xgvvhw --> vqejsb : ppwth
state dlmizo <<choice>>
vqejsb --> dlmizo : nniit
dlmizo --> gyjlqm : jbhd
gyjlqm --> jhwyay : ywtzi
jhwyay --> hhhuqd : jmmtn
hhhuqd --> yctkfz : gftgm
yctkfz --> ipnfce : smmbbgb
dlmizo --> wcdtdg : sczs
wcdtdg --> cneudm : azdao
cneudm --> clgwvw : eepzs
clgwvw --> lxjmqm : nshyw
lxjmqm --> ipnfce : aflqmmp
dlmizo --> koacvy : nxya
koacvy --> uzanqu : uczhv
uzanqu --> ipnfce : ybjtpud
ipnfce --> qlkvbk : ippdi
state qlkvbk {
[*] --> eymqtd : ttpfz
eymqtd --> oevzoz : jpcgw
oevzoz --> wzdtxm : atzop
wzdtxm --> vxusnb : hfzax
}
state dmzdiw <<choice>>
qlkvbk --> dmzdiw : rwuoe
dmzdiw --> naybuo : yehd
naybuo --> xxsysw : uvknt
xxsysw --> hpekoe : fltvx
hpekoe --> zvhyhr : qebvzxx
dmzdiw --> kwjwbc : embm
kwjwbc --> csbiqz : emenv
csbiqz --> dpxbmg : faita
dpxbmg --> lhefgc : waiua
lhefgc --> zvhyhr : lgtmefh
@enduml