@startuml
state hdkyan
[*] --> hdkyan : abuuk
hdkyan --> nwmvfe : wcvqf
state onwxgq <<choice>>
nwmvfe --> onwxgq : osmdi
onwxgq --> rlerxg : gddb
rlerxg --> oavubo : ppjxc
oavubo --> nszmxc : qvngjlr
onwxgq --> rwvonz : axdn
rwvonz --> uyeuzn : gocfi
uyeuzn --> rpdzmn : dmdew
rpdzmn --> nszmxc : werxjld
state duxhyv <<fork>>
nszmxc --> duxhyv : ilwsu
state tximzu <<join>>
duxhyv --> iygjxv : frut
iygjxv --> igqgwm : aplzl
igqgwm --> tximzu : jviwlrg
duxhyv --> jtacsw : pqgx
jtacsw --> dkioba : dbfgr
dkioba --> tximzu : ynrgvpo
tximzu --> pdvjar : fbkej
pdvjar --> [*] : bcydj
@enduml