@startuml
state etuzdf
etuzdf --> eisjvl : tcxko
eisjvl --> eipunw : ydpch
state gbdunh <<fork>>
eipunw --> gbdunh : wisbj
state ctgrgr <<join>>
gbdunh --> spsuyl : ulxh
spsuyl --> cbuuog : zysmw
cbuuog --> ctgrgr : eeujban
gbdunh --> srujct : ajdj
srujct --> wmqemp : dbkjd
wmqemp --> ctgrgr : pspuszh
state ayfyin <<fork>>
ctgrgr --> ayfyin : ytqwu
state ijmpta <<join>>
ayfyin --> tbkwmn : pdpk
tbkwmn --> tmqrqs : cwxko
tmqrqs --> qyloxo : wbhtr
qyloxo --> ijmpta : hrnldqt
ayfyin --> ppzrpg : qapd
ppzrpg --> nwngfz : oqgny
nwngfz --> sosvje : zjwzz
sosvje --> oydkie : qziqa
oydkie --> ijmpta : sxmfgau
ijmpta --> [*] : ldyxn
@enduml