@startuml
hide empty description
state fdknon
fdknon --> lublep : pworv
lublep --> iyilae : avbla
iyilae --> mcpzmr : xdata
mcpzmr --> egigxc : obqtp
egigxc --> wajpla : sghpd
state hmltih <<choice>>
wajpla --> hmltih : huobc
hmltih --> bpbjpz : mlau
bpbjpz --> oeyhzy : odhfw
oeyhzy --> qvsusp : mfzro
qvsusp --> ipohai : mhdwlfp
hmltih --> mqxufh : vjuq
mqxufh --> hwivds : frock
hwivds --> oegxyj : xkufn
oegxyj --> ipohai : mimfnah
state axxhdk <<choice>>
ipohai --> axxhdk : oryxw
axxhdk --> qqmzaz : zizj
qqmzaz --> rmdngd : folkq
rmdngd --> uixcrn : lwtsynt
axxhdk --> vleqdw : aska
vleqdw --> htnens : erhkl
htnens --> ywzhlv : ljaqb
ywzhlv --> uixcrn : wvnbxws
axxhdk --> jlgnum : samf
jlgnum --> rzjxlc : pkaor
rzjxlc --> aftycl : pqjna
aftycl --> uixcrn : zteslag
uixcrn --> xddvdl : kveuv
xddvdl --> [*] : hanya
@enduml