@startuml
state eoxenx
state dwqgda <<fork>>
eoxenx --> dwqgda : ysymw
state oocixh <<join>>
dwqgda --> fafyjm : sekr
fafyjm --> gbvswy : dwgfx
gbvswy --> oocixh : mvbmpla
dwqgda --> kocofd : tspx
kocofd --> xquuca : jmdfr
xquuca --> fzovku : omrqa
fzovku --> hzzyzc : zrfgv
hzzyzc --> oocixh : pgxcdpb
oocixh --> lfdkat : hlhui
state lfdkat {
jrdacy --> zkwtrj : pzdcx
zkwtrj --> [*] : tkymw
}
lfdkat --> ynfxqe : iftel
ynfxqe --> rbqgen : jhokq
rbqgen --> cdqmrz : pndgg
cdqmrz --> quxmau : trqpk
quxmau --> gufwct : doyrl
gufwct --> xeqdgu : jidsf
xeqdgu --> urssgx : xakiy
urssgx --> pkofth : hgwar
pkofth --> tbbman : gveah
state maxolt <<choice>>
tbbman --> maxolt : bietc
maxolt --> bmzvsy : oxsr
bmzvsy --> dgwhzu : itvng
dgwhzu --> zbrdxl : hwpnw
zbrdxl --> yltmdk : uomuu
yltmdk --> ujxrus : jnrbcxy
maxolt --> gahedo : iscd
gahedo --> ohyzxx : uzrbp
ohyzxx --> thijqk : ncpwv
thijqk --> ujxrus : ohwkbuo
maxolt --> tjudin : xlqc
tjudin --> suupxr : guysz
suupxr --> ujxrus : tbnsmzv
ujxrus --> jrppsm : gtkft
jrppsm --> oyauxx : bkapy
oyauxx --> mildxp : qbvpq
mildxp --> [*] : xjetg
@enduml