@startuml
state snnyzo
state vsqedu <<fork>>
snnyzo --> vsqedu : bugwl
state kmymfm <<join>>
vsqedu --> kmkhen : tsdw
kmkhen --> bjcadh : nvpgv
bjcadh --> tesvrx : etfmt
tesvrx --> kmymfm : bsomssh
vsqedu --> odvsvn : anrt
odvsvn --> eyhmjf : scemh
eyhmjf --> nwhhmp : bdgeq
nwhhmp --> jatrzn : ccbpr
jatrzn --> kmymfm : srbuohr
vsqedu --> iukpnz : susa
iukpnz --> srrzmn : zfuex
srrzmn --> npmcbo : byuqx
npmcbo --> kmymfm : uhkcjce
kmymfm --> amtwms : peiys
amtwms --> ymppbr : jnlar
ymppbr --> gjswvy : uhksb
gjswvy --> [*] : nkynk
@enduml