@startuml
hide empty description
state pcjgsn
[*] --> pcjgsn : keklh
pcjgsn --> fippvy : ykmed
fippvy --> mcadmv : dzqhf
mcadmv --> nxqjde : mnguv
state tuqahz <<choice>>
nxqjde --> tuqahz : swiel
tuqahz --> vmdlwl : wmdn
vmdlwl --> cmzdqt : murqh
cmzdqt --> rhvjxm : gwyfi
rhvjxm --> zrocxo : kjnqfuy
tuqahz --> cvbxim : pgmu
cvbxim --> rxixqs : zcpur
rxixqs --> nigxjd : jdexe
nigxjd --> dvrjtp : crryn
dvrjtp --> zrocxo : pmcndmd
tuqahz --> obhqje : bqcu
obhqje --> scwfqr : wbjmh
scwfqr --> djwdnk : qablb
djwdnk --> osxfsy : bmmdu
osxfsy --> zrocxo : hfewmdx
state owqmfp <<fork>>
zrocxo --> owqmfp : uuwws
state hcafqx <<join>>
owqmfp --> uomrnb : cnmj
uomrnb --> fyygxo : vtyit
fyygxo --> yvohwp : rmsfs
yvohwp --> oocfkb : gipgz
oocfkb --> hcafqx : avxsyem
owqmfp --> xdjrew : yxti
xdjrew --> lomyie : mtynb
lomyie --> hjgckf : kxmbl
hjgckf --> hcafqx : wjaoioa
owqmfp --> xtetbc : yunh
xtetbc --> othgpo : tgiwa
othgpo --> tgtybd : svoha
tgtybd --> pwihyb : snntl
pwihyb --> hcafqx : miekbes
state lwaxjd <<choice>>
hcafqx --> lwaxjd : xgcql
lwaxjd --> ilwwoa : fbiz
ilwwoa --> qpdbfj : gcydf
qpdbfj --> qzzugf : monjv
qzzugf --> piacsq : tfxdjiw
lwaxjd --> dfokoe : cmaq
dfokoe --> iwgrvf : ezxky
iwgrvf --> piacsq : zbiqgpw
piacsq --> icghuy : ifjac
icghuy --> cqpncd : iruqf
cqpncd --> fwqzkg : upzuj
state fwqzkg {
qwmvhg --> ocuwsk : iwvbv
ocuwsk --> ecflgk : tldnp
ecflgk --> [*] : ccsmr
}
@enduml