@startuml
state bipyqt
[*] --> bipyqt : zcnod
bipyqt --> ozoxci : ownen
state ozoxci {
[*] --> csmund : cfotz
csmund --> mznkur : lkjgp
mznkur --> duxfrg : ztxzz
}
ozoxci --> mhiuoh : cqtwy
mhiuoh --> irdazv : jylqa
irdazv --> sllhpg : uwgui
sllhpg --> pabugf : jgmwk
state wfyyma <<fork>>
pabugf --> wfyyma : yrupd
state kezkcb <<join>>
wfyyma --> tkfmod : zxlz
tkfmod --> lsykvg : hgtmj
lsykvg --> uwduvz : twkgg
uwduvz --> jhsokk : asrrj
jhsokk --> kezkcb : qsgpsam
wfyyma --> isecbf : suzw
isecbf --> uzpeyy : dflzz
uzpeyy --> kezkcb : hqwpgby
wfyyma --> kbsolw : kzkx
kbsolw --> ewchhi : gmasv
ewchhi --> jrwcej : vktnx
jrwcej --> kezkcb : yqkhxfc
@enduml