@startuml
state igtbao
igtbao --> rmmcaa : jtrbm
rmmcaa --> pdyedj : jxner
state yvfpsc <<choice>>
pdyedj --> yvfpsc : epuxz
yvfpsc --> umofns : khze
umofns --> wpbata : bvaqf
wpbata --> llvoep : hvjzm
llvoep --> yvwnyr : mhsiy
yvwnyr --> ipuiuu : zxcypfw
yvfpsc --> bykcvv : bnda
bykcvv --> rpgtfq : xltzt
rpgtfq --> klhexc : ulikj
klhexc --> fwfnya : gznnd
fwfnya --> ipuiuu : vebucja
yvfpsc --> rkpqfm : qtsh
rkpqfm --> hqvxho : xxwbi
hqvxho --> ezaabk : hlmdl
ezaabk --> ipuiuu : asiudve
ipuiuu --> ttczcm : hcnqa
ttczcm --> banwkd : vfkba
state xcxsfj <<choice>>
banwkd --> xcxsfj : nlqzv
xcxsfj --> sksfga : adem
sksfga --> fnnwsz : foeta
fnnwsz --> zthqyq : kpenr
zthqyq --> pllaap : ptiig
pllaap --> sdvwbz : eacvzyy
xcxsfj --> axtffn : ynts
axtffn --> hathyx : edhok
hathyx --> sdvwbz : gmfasyq
@enduml