@startuml
state rgrdkb
[*] --> rgrdkb : fknol
rgrdkb --> macxmh : tvpca
macxmh --> eqgbid : mhhoy
state eqgbid {
[*] --> apysno : cvjco
apysno --> cpsesh : shaev
cpsesh --> xeziuf : tvckq
xeziuf --> wpepql : wlymt
}
eqgbid --> xffbrm : srdbv
xffbrm --> ifxinq : aqhiq
ifxinq --> ilobfi : iawfq
state eflpkk <<fork>>
ilobfi --> eflpkk : khvkh
state jvqjyx <<join>>
eflpkk --> irtzxe : mzbr
irtzxe --> yngcnm : cqafl
yngcnm --> aqnpew : qxlyz
aqnpew --> jvqjyx : nahsbmv
eflpkk --> xhyphs : zgxk
xhyphs --> ejwdnv : jrtkm
ejwdnv --> cxvtsd : hgjfx
cxvtsd --> jvqjyx : mspeqrq
eflpkk --> ylaiew : jywb
ylaiew --> sjawep : ufdyt
sjawep --> sbceyf : muybr
sbceyf --> jzoydc : zoilj
jzoydc --> jvqjyx : kmrjhsb
state kuggzf <<fork>>
jvqjyx --> kuggzf : midnd
state ngwhhj <<join>>
kuggzf --> teswhm : qndy
teswhm --> ggnuzi : iztpl
ggnuzi --> ngwhhj : vmpwtku
kuggzf --> ojektz : ypau
ojektz --> xfrbeb : grodt
xfrbeb --> bmhlmu : mvyto
bmhlmu --> dgbdsk : jrdid
dgbdsk --> ngwhhj : qnxzhsk
ngwhhj --> zrskmt : pamhi
zrskmt --> vlfqre : qutvd
vlfqre --> dcwmmq : vzvst
dcwmmq --> oyhazd : obpkz
oyhazd --> jiefnx : vwrcw
jiefnx --> nnbrru : hwnnf
nnbrru --> [*] : mnhkl
@enduml