@startuml
state nktfqt
[*] --> nktfqt : mhtxm
state irtzia <<choice>>
nktfqt --> irtzia : zqvfq
irtzia --> qldqfr : qdni
qldqfr --> cuzoiv : oxxkm
cuzoiv --> xxtcxf : wpohs
xxtcxf --> xcerzf : bkphb
xcerzf --> eijvzd : rnrnppx
irtzia --> huonpn : bwcy
huonpn --> vtdlcw : wbvec
vtdlcw --> dvkpvt : riueh
dvkpvt --> xbmeuz : iltik
xbmeuz --> eijvzd : vmvdcrk
irtzia --> jnmlwf : hyli
jnmlwf --> dkvbfh : whsod
dkvbfh --> eijvzd : viynpiy
eijvzd --> fecmez : iohed
state fecmez {
[*] --> zzlpcg : fzibg
zzlpcg --> tbiysh : ppucb
}
state hacsus <<choice>>
fecmez --> hacsus : jipfq
hacsus --> njfgyv : wovi
njfgyv --> zwvrjt : mmfyz
zwvrjt --> opwbcw : ppajfzl
hacsus --> xbxwzj : whtd
xbxwzj --> intlvf : hgzfb
intlvf --> ajsdxn : rqqri
ajsdxn --> salmma : utjog
salmma --> opwbcw : disrhhp
hacsus --> kldefo : ldyj
kldefo --> fblqii : mxrgp
fblqii --> cwtwqv : wmzcz
cwtwqv --> opwbcw : befkhzc
opwbcw --> vsewko : rbrlb
state fkfslj <<choice>>
vsewko --> fkfslj : ieqlg
fkfslj --> ghmdga : nyac
ghmdga --> vnodme : gziph
vnodme --> nqwbcb : tceyh
nqwbcb --> hogrtd : xxhsymg
fkfslj --> ljwhup : nlxv
ljwhup --> tlxdmf : cuzum
tlxdmf --> hhdbqk : gvjea
hhdbqk --> krkhde : tvfuu
krkhde --> hogrtd : jwihqgu
fkfslj --> yhwdan : mars
yhwdan --> uegtbr : rimem
uegtbr --> hogrtd : uasqwfn
state aadbvx <<choice>>
hogrtd --> aadbvx : cganl
aadbvx --> ganqmm : shma
ganqmm --> fnhoan : lzaep
fnhoan --> vtejuo : ksjuc
vtejuo --> lsooeb : hveqw
lsooeb --> ooyefz : fsbpurb
aadbvx --> kthgeq : vocj
kthgeq --> ueulaj : tpuag
ueulaj --> qiavxd : zshtz
qiavxd --> hzletl : erhsk
hzletl --> ooyefz : yiqzkaq
ooyefz --> csqnpf : ixntw
csqnpf --> uevcyo : rflbc
@enduml