@startuml
hide empty description
state xxtdsq
[*] --> xxtdsq : exgys
xxtdsq --> qmjwkp : cbjht
qmjwkp --> zidftl : ycnwi
zidftl --> ydhjtv : twkyz
ydhjtv --> wizmud : kjjak
wizmud --> mbmzcm : uiztr
state mbmzcm {
[*] --> gvxozi : cmyhf
gvxozi --> elpgqe : qfxjw
elpgqe --> jsmnme : vfler
}
mbmzcm --> xaeuey : xzarf
xaeuey --> tbgdri : pcray
tbgdri --> tyeoex : jefin
tyeoex --> apavbz : ptoyz
apavbz --> tqzxco : xsizd
state rsigcw <<fork>>
tqzxco --> rsigcw : mtsnn
state ndjiit <<join>>
rsigcw --> drpsin : zxfm
drpsin --> pafdtf : jkyaf
pafdtf --> cilisf : beecm
cilisf --> dfrwft : jbmtf
dfrwft --> ndjiit : ljbpwtn
rsigcw --> yhgfdq : zzbo
yhgfdq --> nirbps : vbbuz
nirbps --> ndjiit : zemjiqo
rsigcw --> hwiszl : uxvo
hwiszl --> buoues : rqhpd
buoues --> cymxek : rbtou
cymxek --> ndjiit : yaksqbk
@enduml