@startuml
hide empty description
state zsoewu
zsoewu --> vrszdk : kyyas
state pzposd <<fork>>
vrszdk --> pzposd : ttose
state rgkcgm <<join>>
pzposd --> enmdaf : dbsj
enmdaf --> arwtjh : qkpnv
arwtjh --> gsclrd : oxlnm
gsclrd --> rgkcgm : mbnmfcj
pzposd --> kuhdnw : isgp
kuhdnw --> xgjfdr : grjln
xgjfdr --> rgkcgm : cubbmqq
state tztycm <<fork>>
rgkcgm --> tztycm : qjwqn
state gitxaf <<join>>
tztycm --> hnialh : cvex
hnialh --> uwgzdr : qvbvj
uwgzdr --> dusdkv : jjesk
dusdkv --> yodocy : otlwk
yodocy --> gitxaf : fushocf
tztycm --> tvpxcj : ydih
tvpxcj --> rytisq : ptodi
rytisq --> vaxdcn : shffw
vaxdcn --> gitxaf : ofwzgxb
tztycm --> okafgz : naqv
okafgz --> zkzccg : ipybw
zkzccg --> chlzcd : rqlfr
chlzcd --> gitxaf : pqlbppz
gitxaf --> uwbvwh : ivico
uwbvwh --> jrhcpx : ctzwj
jrhcpx --> xjddwf : hhzpt
@enduml