@startuml
state bvkweo
[*] --> bvkweo : bpmyv
bvkweo --> yaizvc : dlcww
state yaizvc {
[*] --> yqayfp : ozqhc
yqayfp --> bmjezu : cxrmy
bmjezu --> tweovh : qdmcs
tweovh --> dibhnf : aradd
}
yaizvc --> unrvgn : cctoe
unrvgn --> tvfwyh : jbrwf
state tvfwyh {
bahsmt --> dnirac : sclks
dnirac --> [*] : zvjzy
}
tvfwyh --> lirxoc : kmiyy
lirxoc --> ojbbzv : ukmoe
ojbbzv --> odpzjq : akhqw
odpzjq --> ahsovt : kfinz
ahsovt --> svvyom : xojud
svvyom --> jhmclx : jijhd
state yphzkp <<fork>>
jhmclx --> yphzkp : tosqp
state wzltdy <<join>>
yphzkp --> mqmucc : ogsw
mqmucc --> locedy : hcyun
locedy --> wzltdy : blycqui
yphzkp --> cvmhuj : aqhp
cvmhuj --> nkhznk : maoul
nkhznk --> xkofxy : gsqct
xkofxy --> xkirmh : fnumc
xkirmh --> wzltdy : uzigzdx
yphzkp --> hqnsdn : nmly
hqnsdn --> ivmras : duokn
ivmras --> tqjrht : jbdby
tqjrht --> wzltdy : whozlxx
state mbfqgy <<fork>>
wzltdy --> mbfqgy : fhqqu
state ljtjsa <<join>>
mbfqgy --> fuldfm : iaek
fuldfm --> vwpjiy : dwbzt
vwpjiy --> ljtjsa : odxnbth
mbfqgy --> ckcske : iers
ckcske --> lkpwot : bfqkz
lkpwot --> ljtjsa : apkybva
ljtjsa --> noldct : ievcj
state noldct {
[*] --> oqlgfk : ugyat
oqlgfk --> fqkgwx : wzllp
fqkgwx --> hudzwj : kmszm
hudzwj --> lbrvcr : zquri
}
noldct --> zceolk : aqtwr
zceolk --> zpysfe : umyhc
@enduml