@startuml
hide empty description
state wpzcjx
wpzcjx --> gpiuzo : zlljm
state gpiuzo {
mzvtqu --> uzqqlw : nvqhg
uzqqlw --> wwxhrb : vgbvw
}
gpiuzo --> uvgtai : ljgxy
uvgtai --> owkwew : xbtak
state zizuav <<choice>>
owkwew --> zizuav : aiknu
zizuav --> fccnrs : ekij
fccnrs --> yutajr : jkspi
yutajr --> vqqmtz : utwfx
vqqmtz --> rcgoyx : doveshm
zizuav --> zccvmz : eibv
zccvmz --> wofkfx : qnygr
wofkfx --> ijosxa : lxwup
ijosxa --> rcgoyx : vxeeqet
zizuav --> oqnrtb : zxuf
oqnrtb --> wzpngw : lrpcc
wzpngw --> rcgoyx : rqozpxk
rcgoyx --> jqeoxx : equum
jqeoxx --> byuvua : goxke
byuvua --> ptdagt : rwaks
ptdagt --> sutcuo : weciu
sutcuo --> [*] : vlroi
@enduml