@startuml
state szkxvd
szkxvd --> gjuxjb : runpd
gjuxjb --> aeiaiw : czffo
aeiaiw --> iisokc : yrzkb
state fhhwhz <<fork>>
iisokc --> fhhwhz : pluyg
state iwprai <<join>>
fhhwhz --> hyrzcx : uqle
hyrzcx --> zhebay : mhual
zhebay --> fowmxw : vljoq
fowmxw --> vlzxpx : xhhdk
vlzxpx --> iwprai : evszfdj
fhhwhz --> entqpf : abtn
entqpf --> fvxunk : vpahy
fvxunk --> iwprai : vqpydud
state oghenw <<fork>>
iwprai --> oghenw : ardph
state bztfbv <<join>>
oghenw --> xxdpgy : jnjf
xxdpgy --> kdfcvt : hbwmk
kdfcvt --> cboqlz : igkjq
cboqlz --> rjmxhi : sbeuu
rjmxhi --> bztfbv : hjjdfpj
oghenw --> uedtpz : rzsy
uedtpz --> smjfdq : nqhrg
smjfdq --> xyqaoh : rwjsy
xyqaoh --> fcxspr : kthzr
fcxspr --> bztfbv : bubyjne
bztfbv --> flxqjk : keetz
flxqjk --> mkmvzp : cochm
@enduml