@startuml
hide empty description
state rdwaqo
rdwaqo --> edtzgc : vhbkr
edtzgc --> wwhabb : wjlcd
wwhabb --> exiwog : chwdn
state xohpva <<fork>>
exiwog --> xohpva : fyjaa
state kqtyml <<join>>
xohpva --> grbkab : uhzk
grbkab --> kjoejw : mfwbm
kjoejw --> gyqtwi : ecngx
gyqtwi --> kqtyml : buodsgt
xohpva --> iiilsu : uomh
iiilsu --> ozdxzp : pjqcj
ozdxzp --> mihdio : mpjcs
mihdio --> kqtyml : hjtwqsu
xohpva --> pdhchr : ybye
pdhchr --> ddcndk : cctvn
ddcndk --> hpmazs : wqcqh
hpmazs --> kqtyml : ojjnfzl
kqtyml --> rvkhew : wxxzs
state bppcqe <<fork>>
rvkhew --> bppcqe : qnwqk
state lzzrxv <<join>>
bppcqe --> tzcycx : jtxi
tzcycx --> egobjn : lwmbn
egobjn --> nkroqk : dsirv
nkroqk --> lzzrxv : lndcvyb
bppcqe --> vrxyhx : ilyu
vrxyhx --> yzgtki : ogqey
yzgtki --> lzzrxv : whxiwgi
lzzrxv --> nrtsdv : uzlfd
state nrtsdv {
zqgqpj --> slfwms : sgbun
slfwms --> oqmphm : abwey
}
nrtsdv --> tdkkhr : wgqac
tdkkhr --> lbyjyk : nuxee
lbyjyk --> brdpnt : nrbdh
brdpnt --> jsbffu : brvzu
jsbffu --> azdraw : dkdsb
azdraw --> sqmwpl : edznk
sqmwpl --> ahvdms : cvdut
@enduml