@startuml
hide empty description
state hpnbhx
[*] --> hpnbhx : rfsih
state ggehqi <<choice>>
hpnbhx --> ggehqi : vrgvf
ggehqi --> mcdcfl : ynur
mcdcfl --> lckkqp : nnxzt
lckkqp --> kuktpl : wkkum
kuktpl --> jjbfos : ylzuvdf
ggehqi --> sikbrz : ysos
sikbrz --> aqkney : eqxjk
aqkney --> hfbmcf : izira
hfbmcf --> ceahaz : ryysc
ceahaz --> jjbfos : glzpdah
ggehqi --> ilxbjd : dxxh
ilxbjd --> rirbyo : cfzmt
rirbyo --> jjbfos : kscbgzl
jjbfos --> mzhmkf : revvp
mzhmkf --> catmgq : qjipo
catmgq --> qrlweb : irags
qrlweb --> kepyts : ozplv
state vxgdwn <<choice>>
kepyts --> vxgdwn : ztjhw
vxgdwn --> cobfvj : kjlj
cobfvj --> nkwqae : wnfqb
nkwqae --> cdjzel : oyjay
cdjzel --> eidsar : maoksui
vxgdwn --> jtppek : uemx
jtppek --> sceehp : ldluh
sceehp --> jwwomr : spjnl
jwwomr --> adwexi : jdlmf
adwexi --> eidsar : eouarvu
eidsar --> [*] : nukln
@enduml