@startuml
state euekjc
[*] --> euekjc : xvyze
state paawix <<choice>>
euekjc --> paawix : dxaqg
paawix --> qkkgha : slco
qkkgha --> xdosin : xsahi
xdosin --> nhglqt : xcsxq
nhglqt --> jubsgx : dvxot
jubsgx --> ejhcnz : wwuudfz
paawix --> vcigfd : fxrf
vcigfd --> eqkffy : osndr
eqkffy --> mvnvdq : cmloe
mvnvdq --> ejhcnz : ofbhtup
paawix --> ksjddk : pdrt
ksjddk --> qwhwmy : aqaye
qwhwmy --> ejhcnz : ixjvutj
ejhcnz --> wodplw : rbsun
wodplw --> tkfabo : xrbrm
tkfabo --> xoqjqo : rczpr
xoqjqo --> iydgpc : cbpzu
iydgpc --> ftnbcs : kwmpx
ftnbcs --> helyfn : jucbf
helyfn --> mdhgim : rqzqm
@enduml