@startuml
hide empty description
state buhmmy
[*] --> buhmmy : eiexa
state wianqr <<choice>>
buhmmy --> wianqr : dumrx
wianqr --> cpexbo : jwkz
cpexbo --> caardk : gnxrr
caardk --> qngbip : tiepsqq
wianqr --> omkjsl : oxhh
omkjsl --> bvbfqz : bdkvv
bvbfqz --> qngbip : biuxzoj
wianqr --> ymxfum : neat
ymxfum --> otrzqo : wqqbm
otrzqo --> dmokiy : calif
dmokiy --> qngbip : buprzqq
state psfppb <<fork>>
qngbip --> psfppb : dhcdl
state uyokbw <<join>>
psfppb --> aemgri : vvyb
aemgri --> xiipwx : sbiye
xiipwx --> uyokbw : vymekcz
psfppb --> wysroi : hpxy
wysroi --> nrcugl : eqqer
nrcugl --> bqrsvj : mnurr
bqrsvj --> uyokbw : wjoicid
@enduml