@startuml
state bzbwqa
[*] --> bzbwqa : pqoyy
state ajrjxx <<fork>>
bzbwqa --> ajrjxx : fqbht
state hajach <<join>>
ajrjxx --> caofio : nkpu
caofio --> yptfcx : nrvua
yptfcx --> greait : axxcj
greait --> sbgicr : ucrqy
sbgicr --> hajach : pxokpbk
ajrjxx --> xlwcaq : qkhe
xlwcaq --> iwtkdb : abkwo
iwtkdb --> aycsxi : zjljt
aycsxi --> cgdjxd : seiqy
cgdjxd --> hajach : pvdzppx
hajach --> hslpyc : zwcwy
hslpyc --> gppiwn : dvoam
state gppiwn {
[*] --> veevky : anohr
veevky --> denvht : iulzz
denvht --> munzsn : ddcsc
}
gppiwn --> usyira : xgqmc
usyira --> dmozlb : bhyhz
dmozlb --> gjhlkc : wtjek
state tvyalv <<choice>>
gjhlkc --> tvyalv : xrset
tvyalv --> tzksai : iwuc
tzksai --> bxeupk : kfgjg
bxeupk --> tmdpev : pnkea
tmdpev --> vxuhwe : ubbsvej
tvyalv --> rxqanc : wfzb
rxqanc --> wagsmp : prpxo
wagsmp --> cpiknb : rzcxc
cpiknb --> siqzki : koscb
siqzki --> vxuhwe : vxvzrba
@enduml