@startuml
hide empty description
state pltmns
pltmns --> syccnq : ttmiu
syccnq --> icbvqu : tyxii
icbvqu --> rydchf : asnlk
rydchf --> zmutbd : ntjgn
zmutbd --> blaixq : iqfxk
blaixq --> vbujgo : wrtpr
state qbcoxz <<choice>>
vbujgo --> qbcoxz : rmono
qbcoxz --> hetcpa : ceds
hetcpa --> knaikz : ynasm
knaikz --> lkgwgo : mwygd
lkgwgo --> qxemru : uexwjwn
qbcoxz --> awpolb : owgh
awpolb --> hfaolr : dwwab
hfaolr --> gebcms : qakai
gebcms --> upmufr : rnelv
upmufr --> qxemru : sdndwpb
qxemru --> jmajzf : nfgvg
jmajzf --> yxmihp : vshus
yxmihp --> jhkfcw : rathn
@enduml