@startuml
hide empty description
state jzlxag
jzlxag --> gqwdmq : crvqo
state gqwdmq {
[*] --> yebtzo : iysip
yebtzo --> teiuxo : wpeod
}
gqwdmq --> ywhxjo : cqxql
ywhxjo --> gcohpi : jvqrn
state qukgiv <<fork>>
gcohpi --> qukgiv : otxmd
state odalwb <<join>>
qukgiv --> rzhxse : uaew
rzhxse --> qgvfqh : lelsk
qgvfqh --> nzskfw : nexnq
nzskfw --> otqznn : wrkie
otqznn --> odalwb : jwxpzaa
qukgiv --> pcpxpf : trcg
pcpxpf --> suxuwo : ftnfo
suxuwo --> odalwb : vrxkpyu
odalwb --> djrdws : lfrlo
djrdws --> jvzzko : mrvru
jvzzko --> vxyagi : fjyqp
vxyagi --> lcmsew : osmdt
lcmsew --> geudkt : jdqjb
geudkt --> ylneoa : wubkj
ylneoa --> cdckjw : ojdjj
cdckjw --> jognoa : tdiox
jognoa --> wtzetg : xerdd
wtzetg --> vzavbl : mntqv
vzavbl --> dlzjbx : wwdwn
dlzjbx --> uxzrtk : yriqj
uxzrtk --> [*] : wfjsg
@enduml