@startuml
hide empty description
state fukmdj
fukmdj --> jepqqw : imvwi
jepqqw --> rxmbdd : ugwwi
rxmbdd --> vzdrce : zuoik
vzdrce --> dqwluz : hkotp
state aurusd <<fork>>
dqwluz --> aurusd : jkxgy
state jzafcz <<join>>
aurusd --> phhhfb : ndwu
phhhfb --> vzbbjp : mgrwu
vzbbjp --> jzafcz : vhcktdu
aurusd --> zrxjiz : goqn
zrxjiz --> huawts : gotdx
huawts --> jzafcz : xtifqde
jzafcz --> lnpqfj : fofgo
lnpqfj --> dfjoal : cayvy
dfjoal --> epwsph : trtck
epwsph --> gcgfjc : krhci
state gcgfjc {
[*] --> krglom : vvubk
krglom --> jjbkwe : vnhut
jjbkwe --> odvjjm : bjyon
odvjjm --> ecgdub : afzfo
}
gcgfjc --> vntyxc : depmc
@enduml