@startuml
state kepxan
kepxan --> uyyxgd : oyfxj
uyyxgd --> igopyj : avcke
igopyj --> zeswtg : xglnd
zeswtg --> tdyncu : eojuz
state hogjfj <<choice>>
tdyncu --> hogjfj : jyrqx
hogjfj --> usqsya : zsef
usqsya --> gfehti : zjwre
gfehti --> dnahqe : txnbr
dnahqe --> qhbvrn : sakqoiq
hogjfj --> beapry : mify
beapry --> zcuofj : bqjtx
zcuofj --> ugfmdr : nkcml
ugfmdr --> qhbvrn : gukdqev
qhbvrn --> rxpmov : hfkzd
rxpmov --> dlmcht : fohxf
dlmcht --> lyjdzo : wsbyk
state lyjdzo {
[*] --> uivktx : basjr
uivktx --> lnwpyz : brcob
lnwpyz --> fqfqga : mynxg
}
lyjdzo --> fwoigw : vhhjo
@enduml