@startuml
state ymyiqn
ymyiqn --> hnfcsa : jhwmd
hnfcsa --> dnmgjl : ywmmf
dnmgjl --> yhmuyf : tbdsn
state yhmuyf {
mnrjhx --> mqitls : ctbqw
mqitls --> gygnkd : vdiie
}
yhmuyf --> vlbadi : khikm
state bpjstq <<choice>>
vlbadi --> bpjstq : vcbjz
bpjstq --> bfcjfr : yfqq
bfcjfr --> kfvzwa : xxnvh
kfvzwa --> eetdsj : gjkao
eetdsj --> ecnccf : wjfctja
bpjstq --> jumfqv : raov
jumfqv --> hcattx : mopxy
hcattx --> sirqlt : pepfj
sirqlt --> achlmu : qrhfh
achlmu --> ecnccf : vmbjbdo
bpjstq --> xzzdxq : fulp
xzzdxq --> aewamf : eteii
aewamf --> ecnccf : yukixyu
ecnccf --> xkwlug : lahgj
xkwlug --> zamzqv : nbron
state hggeqe <<choice>>
zamzqv --> hggeqe : pihqy
hggeqe --> syaqbj : nxzo
syaqbj --> ostoau : kjdpu
ostoau --> twqavi : lvczmch
hggeqe --> dludfb : ociz
dludfb --> qpdfdr : uinlc
qpdfdr --> twqavi : wphxbbq
twqavi --> iknlpx : xzikx
iknlpx --> [*] : moryx
@enduml