@startuml
hide empty description
state qvhzpu
[*] --> qvhzpu : dmfeq
qvhzpu --> ibirvw : rmmkr
state ibirvw {
liebpu --> jllghh : vwsgj
jllghh --> [*] : lmzgp
}
ibirvw --> urwtmo : wiohk
urwtmo --> pvytyp : btwoq
pvytyp --> vbnavh : ewvtm
vbnavh --> fcuygf : hjmzq
state fcuygf {
[*] --> lkqrvr : hrbpc
lkqrvr --> abvhaj : oypri
abvhaj --> assyoz : fotok
assyoz --> rbkcbn : ofbwq
rbkcbn --> [*] : maxnt
}
state umabuy <<choice>>
fcuygf --> umabuy : ynosu
umabuy --> hxlzss : rqod
hxlzss --> xcqvig : hlxha
xcqvig --> velvwq : ejavdie
umabuy --> scnayn : dxuu
scnayn --> nqzptu : vvknp
nqzptu --> velvwq : xghrsvq
umabuy --> kvltlr : gmcs
kvltlr --> xpqhqj : dikdq
xpqhqj --> velvwq : cdskucz
velvwq --> rpbnmz : mcagj
rpbnmz --> eqhxol : zohyc
eqhxol --> asdoqv : gehgu
asdoqv --> owletx : uguna
owletx --> mughev : xavwr
state lssicw <<choice>>
mughev --> lssicw : stfbu
lssicw --> rdiklj : urwa
rdiklj --> doddem : pnapk
doddem --> jyweui : lgppj
jyweui --> zozvbz : qarql
zozvbz --> odohdz : jnpqqnp
lssicw --> olcbdz : bgpz
olcbdz --> gqkmnd : ahwir
gqkmnd --> odohdz : hknsymz
lssicw --> cudlij : fazw
cudlij --> klvyxl : luwry
klvyxl --> fnucoj : ssviy
fnucoj --> odohdz : dcigmpx
state rdnrbu <<fork>>
odohdz --> rdnrbu : twvle
state waeimm <<join>>
rdnrbu --> htuhyv : brdb
htuhyv --> pkcyir : jdsez
pkcyir --> waeimm : cijvyoc
rdnrbu --> oowvzv : vzhf
oowvzv --> vsnvda : cpfbx
vsnvda --> waeimm : uysczpp
rdnrbu --> ochkwe : ofyc
ochkwe --> njanuf : pdmcy
njanuf --> qovbqv : ojzto
qovbqv --> waeimm : azvmgrp
waeimm --> ptpccf : iupej
ptpccf --> fxgufn : tgqaa
fxgufn --> [*] : xtyvo
@enduml