@startuml
state clwvsw
[*] --> clwvsw : btdvy
clwvsw --> pqwjfz : tnmdd
state jvhtjb <<fork>>
pqwjfz --> jvhtjb : lgfpw
state fvdamf <<join>>
jvhtjb --> wfhwfn : ewuy
wfhwfn --> ryjdah : rqoxy
ryjdah --> llmbmj : fqahe
llmbmj --> optbkj : ygbmh
optbkj --> fvdamf : mlcdgca
jvhtjb --> fzytpk : xooy
fzytpk --> iexzje : bhdqz
iexzje --> rwbgbt : rlocc
rwbgbt --> fvdamf : cycdzir
jvhtjb --> gbddeb : yfpp
gbddeb --> qyfniz : ynkry
qyfniz --> fvdamf : qbmujyl
fvdamf --> wiygtm : vobpw
wiygtm --> njbido : wpwhb
njbido --> sjjgss : bjnzg
sjjgss --> awceau : jvrko
awceau --> yzrbvb : dnesx
yzrbvb --> gouzei : gljrw
gouzei --> mlmdeb : gicxu
mlmdeb --> mpnxyz : xurqn
@enduml