@startuml
hide empty description
state dgazow
[*] --> dgazow : qaqpm
dgazow --> fsemgf : defol
fsemgf --> prizwm : shneu
prizwm --> ypsfue : rljja
ypsfue --> hctaxa : nohjl
hctaxa --> cdsrfs : epfaa
cdsrfs --> bdhxus : uymrn
bdhxus --> qnvrcy : rrgrh
state dluznz <<fork>>
qnvrcy --> dluznz : kkhef
state rxitwg <<join>>
dluznz --> kppgju : wfci
kppgju --> kgfwms : ujwlo
kgfwms --> rxitwg : ykysxhz
dluznz --> llxwba : vjnp
llxwba --> jecahf : smwkt
jecahf --> lpzebe : fqyku
lpzebe --> rxitwg : ctrdvch
rxitwg --> fxtbbh : esvhr
fxtbbh --> kmbzdn : lqubt
state oemoie <<choice>>
kmbzdn --> oemoie : hhsjn
oemoie --> sbnuni : laqm
sbnuni --> xfxisg : mmsqv
xfxisg --> gnyqxl : srkjszo
oemoie --> yjgozg : eusl
yjgozg --> ixmtvc : yitxq
ixmtvc --> tsrsck : theeb
tsrsck --> gnyqxl : uswpnob
oemoie --> obydgs : zopj
obydgs --> czfmne : paawl
czfmne --> gnyqxl : ahadzrj
state iqvcyw <<fork>>
gnyqxl --> iqvcyw : uwgpu
state iktjfu <<join>>
iqvcyw --> jrqapg : zviv
jrqapg --> ojsaqi : coyad
ojsaqi --> aifrjh : htpqu
aifrjh --> iktjfu : njaoxvi
iqvcyw --> qspjkw : kyyd
qspjkw --> dncpwb : lfmyn
dncpwb --> iktjfu : lldyavv
iktjfu --> cozuea : jbsoa
cozuea --> xcncve : jtwtl
xcncve --> rfsfhu : xiibl
@enduml