@startuml
state sfoxkr
[*] --> sfoxkr : oplmn
sfoxkr --> xvakxp : ltsog
xvakxp --> eilgwr : chiho
eilgwr --> vsmvxy : riwly
state tqorob <<choice>>
vsmvxy --> tqorob : pnlxt
tqorob --> gwloyz : hvnw
gwloyz --> kzrfaj : fttbc
kzrfaj --> uxhlcj : dmemipv
tqorob --> zodxmg : qyhu
zodxmg --> stgkbl : hvzhr
stgkbl --> zstqjx : rpbzd
zstqjx --> uxhlcj : vlrmbsl
tqorob --> nvdpln : ypbr
nvdpln --> ooboqg : wymrc
ooboqg --> kjnkpk : xuhvx
kjnkpk --> uxhlcj : xufouhc
uxhlcj --> ueczhs : rnbqy
ueczhs --> vpgbcw : ulyro
vpgbcw --> dbyzgp : xxrrh
dbyzgp --> lrdmtm : rzpax
lrdmtm --> [*] : qzgvf
@enduml