@startuml
state jqsgaa
jqsgaa --> chhdlb : icgsf
chhdlb --> dyvuit : puczs
dyvuit --> euhxfs : qngch
state euhxfs {
[*] --> dudfvz : ugjrb
dudfvz --> svybbo : qbbss
}
state sskcca <<choice>>
euhxfs --> sskcca : ynbch
sskcca --> lpmmhs : kclg
lpmmhs --> sfctpr : txgkw
sfctpr --> gxaovg : uxapu
gxaovg --> hpvotf : yzpbk
hpvotf --> hconjv : yzjdemx
sskcca --> quslop : ussq
quslop --> ooiqws : pdosz
ooiqws --> hconjv : rguzygf
hconjv --> jhvcgi : eboup
jhvcgi --> cfsutn : kslfq
cfsutn --> pkeunh : ghxgy
state pkeunh {
[*] --> udokmh : sywsr
udokmh --> irddkt : iygob
irddkt --> tamgqq : vsrbk
}
@enduml