@startuml
state hwrtcr
hwrtcr --> ljvoig : wsdva
ljvoig --> hlwhue : huygq
hlwhue --> xkmbvl : wyzjg
xkmbvl --> kdting : krudh
state sefczq <<fork>>
kdting --> sefczq : juoyk
state eiiiou <<join>>
sefczq --> iovusf : jcvy
iovusf --> pdpxjq : bxggx
pdpxjq --> oatwyy : xvfon
oatwyy --> bigzhg : tekhi
bigzhg --> eiiiou : syxrmya
sefczq --> sxvfqc : lnzg
sxvfqc --> bltxdy : sxpfe
bltxdy --> urfztj : ahmsa
urfztj --> eiiiou : rxloang
sefczq --> qlikwo : zzuw
qlikwo --> jtcujz : azpke
jtcujz --> vtpesd : ccckd
vtpesd --> eiiiou : mhvmyeg
state chontw <<fork>>
eiiiou --> chontw : ltgdg
state vaswzk <<join>>
chontw --> fnsqzt : zoeo
fnsqzt --> dwvfty : gqobo
dwvfty --> vaswzk : fwzqpwu
chontw --> njvqjl : xbml
njvqjl --> etfffu : hvmqg
etfffu --> rhucod : wrusf
rhucod --> ilqoet : synkp
ilqoet --> vaswzk : yudzyfx
vaswzk --> tycfun : siitj
tycfun --> xqkjdj : toriu
xqkjdj --> pjpqcw : hztig
pjpqcw --> gfjvdk : snbef
gfjvdk --> [*] : vhuda
@enduml