@startuml
state ubwxjs
[*] --> ubwxjs : ffqvy
state vofosa <<choice>>
ubwxjs --> vofosa : yirei
vofosa --> zsqbpd : hdsx
zsqbpd --> oagxns : zgiah
oagxns --> yxutru : ftgrisx
vofosa --> xgtlgc : qzvv
xgtlgc --> xznkwu : rushv
xznkwu --> blvoff : anrao
blvoff --> yxutru : dmipksz
vofosa --> egtwgx : mgtw
egtwgx --> eskwhp : fatsi
eskwhp --> hvamwa : csvtz
hvamwa --> qbrwfr : cetkm
qbrwfr --> yxutru : gxxxbge
yxutru --> mojcsr : zrhdr
mojcsr --> flesoz : mijjp
flesoz --> enfyzp : qrgnq
enfyzp --> faopde : gygoc
faopde --> bgfwkz : upmab
bgfwkz --> jawbkj : pszmd
state vwtqay <<fork>>
jawbkj --> vwtqay : uayjy
state furjtn <<join>>
vwtqay --> mhikee : cwla
mhikee --> krjutb : xvevd
krjutb --> xespnc : quaqa
xespnc --> jwrwvw : siicn
jwrwvw --> furjtn : fikbpnp
vwtqay --> hhrkam : mobu
hhrkam --> iqhvib : ahqfh
iqhvib --> zwqxap : wjxlw
zwqxap --> furjtn : tbjcdpw
vwtqay --> tzzncp : cwod
tzzncp --> fgkgnu : qdigk
fgkgnu --> sqdxoe : whvlh
sqdxoe --> ofrmvx : hfitv
ofrmvx --> furjtn : tddzlkd
furjtn --> vfbzel : hgpwm
vfbzel --> rcgwxj : wkuss
rcgwxj --> zfmlkl : wgend
zfmlkl --> ztcsuq : bxlzq
ztcsuq --> jpkkvj : akgwr
jpkkvj --> mwvnsb : fitff
mwvnsb --> [*] : ioxyh
@enduml