@startuml
state djevox
djevox --> wtbqmg : ulghn
wtbqmg --> jylxsa : zbgrd
jylxsa --> cislfu : fnyxh
state bayrcs <<fork>>
cislfu --> bayrcs : amayp
state efbxoy <<join>>
bayrcs --> snoxwl : ujgg
snoxwl --> cphjks : sttpi
cphjks --> efbxoy : cerwmmn
bayrcs --> snwhgk : togw
snwhgk --> aomkfc : butim
aomkfc --> wbccxw : htpbp
wbccxw --> efbxoy : gbdltiz
efbxoy --> zjnnrx : veuuu
state eswmbf <<fork>>
zjnnrx --> eswmbf : ehcol
state xncioe <<join>>
eswmbf --> itczrw : gxvn
itczrw --> iuoxwh : dgkti
iuoxwh --> phxxnb : lmaed
phxxnb --> mdlhgx : zezal
mdlhgx --> xncioe : tjcmrvg
eswmbf --> cmwzjy : jfhg
cmwzjy --> uazjnx : sjbkn
uazjnx --> xncioe : wbusuxf
eswmbf --> vkcirp : jypw
vkcirp --> vjlmco : spbxf
vjlmco --> qaxisd : tjkqy
qaxisd --> xncioe : lggzidi
state fxqpjs <<choice>>
xncioe --> fxqpjs : hkree
fxqpjs --> pkgqde : ynxm
pkgqde --> rjsyej : rqmxv
rjsyej --> pstfxj : bwoss
pstfxj --> dedtic : jkdjq
dedtic --> bhxaig : vmufrjx
fxqpjs --> leljrq : dzgp
leljrq --> ctkbis : igcwv
ctkbis --> yiiebp : pxkew
yiiebp --> bhxaig : ykosmuf
bhxaig --> hmesyx : uclmn
hmesyx --> vudndd : tvvgl
@enduml