@startuml
state zxjrbr
state juwpmt <<fork>>
zxjrbr --> juwpmt : xqrbh
state ucebbk <<join>>
juwpmt --> pzqgvw : ebxv
pzqgvw --> cgcaco : ifner
cgcaco --> sojrxk : pkmux
sojrxk --> dtmizf : nrppt
dtmizf --> ucebbk : mmwxcng
juwpmt --> hbdiyk : immh
hbdiyk --> cgotxd : xxipf
cgotxd --> ucebbk : kyseixl
juwpmt --> pepgfx : tfav
pepgfx --> cqsfyd : auwmq
cqsfyd --> ucebbk : xunzdwu
ucebbk --> hpksjb : rbdkk
hpksjb --> ibqczu : amuvw
ibqczu --> byfcuz : abxsz
byfcuz --> jzcgov : kaxli
jzcgov --> wnjeag : tksqd
wnjeag --> wrbyvb : oxgjn
wrbyvb --> hnqror : tnkmx
hnqror --> ckjiae : jybrr
ckjiae --> [*] : tepog
@enduml