@startuml
hide empty description
state zbnmxb
zbnmxb --> bhxywz : sbiay
bhxywz --> cjesgu : yvqpq
cjesgu --> ithtze : gvrnl
ithtze --> mmjrbj : ggobs
mmjrbj --> wmvkgt : orxev
state bdinmy <<fork>>
wmvkgt --> bdinmy : zcgny
state vjndev <<join>>
bdinmy --> hiuyse : yxig
hiuyse --> cpniwh : msrhj
cpniwh --> vjndev : qnluqsg
bdinmy --> poolvd : xbjd
poolvd --> gjmptt : afmnh
gjmptt --> klwahk : jkqxd
klwahk --> vjndev : bzsjsec
bdinmy --> hwbfnq : mqsk
hwbfnq --> cubcfx : ckrgz
cubcfx --> ivxgdw : ykgqw
ivxgdw --> urndyj : zvioj
urndyj --> vjndev : kwvkyiy
vjndev --> mzmcva : fflun
mzmcva --> oxybil : wurib
oxybil --> paszfe : hpyrr
paszfe --> rxwniu : fqvxa
state rxwniu {
nmuuyt --> ktcrcq : ltdvh
ktcrcq --> wdzxsh : cbwpl
wdzxsh --> wwkjlv : iwkbs
}
rxwniu --> mmmenp : lagei
mmmenp --> nfciqj : ryvsj
nfciqj --> [*] : sgaiz
@enduml