@startuml
hide empty description
state xbmjqs
xbmjqs --> maqwpg : swrth
state maqwpg {
[*] --> sfxcvp : inwhy
sfxcvp --> zyelkw : lydfo
}
maqwpg --> kdplfw : srtdu
kdplfw --> sxnoeb : cevyo
sxnoeb --> coqvpm : pmsqy
state bsxvpx <<fork>>
coqvpm --> bsxvpx : snbaj
state cnuwdy <<join>>
bsxvpx --> eicopk : epvr
eicopk --> vpcvet : pfpft
vpcvet --> npmhvt : teggb
npmhvt --> cnuwdy : rctgpah
bsxvpx --> anckmt : guez
anckmt --> gdsnfh : eooah
gdsnfh --> cnuwdy : tgounzz
bsxvpx --> vrffaz : owud
vrffaz --> yimdou : qmftn
yimdou --> cbzsym : evhjl
cbzsym --> qhhitv : vnskw
qhhitv --> cnuwdy : nywyjyy
cnuwdy --> ajfrar : muiuy
ajfrar --> buypqr : tdsqm
buypqr --> hhrjco : kohvx
hhrjco --> oshhmw : ejxcv
oshhmw --> jjstnx : ntpla
state hfooga <<choice>>
jjstnx --> hfooga : sikro
hfooga --> lutrgr : axct
lutrgr --> msxliy : pezjx
msxliy --> hyltkk : qthbx
hyltkk --> uyriea : azwlr
uyriea --> pamoff : kbhmcne
hfooga --> frxcib : ryfs
frxcib --> yhdbha : wzgab
yhdbha --> pamoff : hgbpfvn
pamoff --> tbwyfg : kjawp
state tbwyfg {
[*] --> cprqcp : gnhdo
cprqcp --> jsokoo : guxnr
}
tbwyfg --> cgaxkg : hkbie
state cgaxkg {
nrsrrw --> fsdxyq : psexj
fsdxyq --> hqnwzs : dnwib
hqnwzs --> [*] : zeyxv
}
@enduml