@startuml
hide empty description
state afpfdo
[*] --> afpfdo : yyvuf
state cdcreo <<choice>>
afpfdo --> cdcreo : vvjds
cdcreo --> uygwzz : zkvo
uygwzz --> runwby : pqhcf
runwby --> zxqlte : psqmpbn
cdcreo --> bezhaq : emyy
bezhaq --> ecuevh : xtqvr
ecuevh --> pjbbzm : zgigg
pjbbzm --> zxqlte : ottjyts
zxqlte --> xmpzzj : riyxj
xmpzzj --> uxkhnu : faffm
uxkhnu --> bucxar : mjgap
bucxar --> tmwffy : lbsqh
tmwffy --> twbqik : rkjva
twbqik --> dgjgro : cruqe
dgjgro --> qssadi : uodxm
qssadi --> ltbyau : qagen
state pbzxdu <<fork>>
ltbyau --> pbzxdu : qbnnp
state eyonwx <<join>>
pbzxdu --> kgowyo : ifzf
kgowyo --> oxiire : eukvk
oxiire --> eyonwx : aizcbve
pbzxdu --> qdvoql : hlke
qdvoql --> otnmcf : luxxv
otnmcf --> qgitbc : tfghe
qgitbc --> eyonwx : xsjmmoi
pbzxdu --> txdoou : aexk
txdoou --> spxrrh : yklmz
spxrrh --> aiureu : ltbwu
aiureu --> ludjzu : fdeul
ludjzu --> eyonwx : smdywnz
eyonwx --> rplorq : rbeae
rplorq --> ppuigw : kvgyy
ppuigw --> ztrnmk : hmupk
ztrnmk --> rdnwys : xbipi
rdnwys --> uieipy : ngehk
uieipy --> [*] : pgmxp
@enduml