@startuml
state dvcquq
[*] --> dvcquq : ajygp
dvcquq --> jozors : pzwpj
jozors --> glgvks : ghfpn
glgvks --> ljfrsn : oiftj
state jqrurk <<choice>>
ljfrsn --> jqrurk : pzdzm
jqrurk --> cbiwou : wwot
cbiwou --> unvxab : eyudj
unvxab --> mohmmq : rhxemjo
jqrurk --> wczgkb : bcoi
wczgkb --> rzenim : ctcwj
rzenim --> udcpbp : vphtf
udcpbp --> mohmmq : yravfer
jqrurk --> aiptrk : hvxt
aiptrk --> dmottd : rcjvz
dmottd --> iqgwuw : qidgq
iqgwuw --> mohmmq : dsppmmi
mohmmq --> xvzrdk : twmcq
xvzrdk --> yujdld : zenzg
yujdld --> lzfsdj : ljbbz
lzfsdj --> [*] : yawus
@enduml