@startuml
state voentk
voentk --> qofdmb : bjmnk
qofdmb --> pnfhui : skjpp
pnfhui --> qvovur : nogze
qvovur --> lvzcpb : eitsz
state kliarh <<choice>>
lvzcpb --> kliarh : ohbuw
kliarh --> phsmok : sstq
phsmok --> mhrhvv : lmyzl
mhrhvv --> lsgcje : mlyse
lsgcje --> ddzxwu : fofai
ddzxwu --> sdinun : evhtjhf
kliarh --> slqott : jorh
slqott --> tkdaec : yzkoy
tkdaec --> sdinun : mmmlcns
kliarh --> xmsxbg : jsod
xmsxbg --> gdkosk : dnirh
gdkosk --> dgwwrv : lgszp
dgwwrv --> sdinun : tomqzmh
state uiuwwi <<choice>>
sdinun --> uiuwwi : csnwc
uiuwwi --> qvhllz : kbhe
qvhllz --> rcxeza : rzkez
rcxeza --> qljfxy : nhyys
qljfxy --> zeznei : bmqoqis
uiuwwi --> ambbhl : mmwm
ambbhl --> htkual : stvge
htkual --> zeznei : femdmrs
zeznei --> xzsboz : xgzvm
xzsboz --> ascogd : xeyqp
state ihxojh <<fork>>
ascogd --> ihxojh : ptqtw
state jvpjvp <<join>>
ihxojh --> npoiax : rpiy
npoiax --> jnwfcc : zjkcw
jnwfcc --> xdomgt : fwngt
xdomgt --> jvpjvp : ffmeequ
ihxojh --> xpmhlg : owtb
xpmhlg --> bloess : nqjld
bloess --> jvpjvp : xjdtsaj
ihxojh --> oitdyf : juih
oitdyf --> woeqqm : tnjfx
woeqqm --> jyyrqt : ckfah
jyyrqt --> oprsux : xbyey
oprsux --> jvpjvp : ladmayo
@enduml