@startuml
state gtzuhu
[*] --> gtzuhu : isuzv
gtzuhu --> napdal : gmdgb
state ohbach <<choice>>
napdal --> ohbach : hrppa
ohbach --> thvtrs : koax
thvtrs --> ncnqrm : gzfwc
ncnqrm --> xqingz : bnqcm
xqingz --> oynies : atlsgxt
ohbach --> jungmp : qhnc
jungmp --> rusmrs : okkbe
rusmrs --> jofsxd : utjvy
jofsxd --> opwvld : fhcvs
opwvld --> oynies : jwpobno
oynies --> czzeax : kckfu
czzeax --> ldvcef : gbdog
ldvcef --> wxalpp : onzdg
state wxalpp {
fqlcaf --> kllyuz : hkhqa
}
wxalpp --> rohbwg : bilxl
state ahsytx <<choice>>
rohbwg --> ahsytx : ohjrz
ahsytx --> oaivyf : bjgz
oaivyf --> ancezo : fywkl
ancezo --> ogzrqj : apudx
ogzrqj --> dgiuvs : fuidfhj
ahsytx --> fxbceo : poio
fxbceo --> uphkkf : uxvsc
uphkkf --> dgiuvs : lekodzg
ahsytx --> lnlcoo : mdqv
lnlcoo --> jbfvpu : bgfmh
jbfvpu --> dgiuvs : jbzcbmx
state itvwpy <<fork>>
dgiuvs --> itvwpy : avwgr
state wsujdl <<join>>
itvwpy --> dppnvv : gsac
dppnvv --> ytudjb : pdcyc
ytudjb --> wsujdl : ougwjhu
itvwpy --> yhyxti : qczx
yhyxti --> wyqraz : darbt
wyqraz --> rapfdx : lxeay
rapfdx --> wsujdl : qcqxyxm
itvwpy --> cjdaxo : sslx
cjdaxo --> fefuih : xckwx
fefuih --> wsujdl : krwudxh
@enduml