@startuml
hide empty description
state wjraap
wjraap --> tbcydd : sddyu
tbcydd --> doxgqk : vqtvj
doxgqk --> ishoyv : sbjki
state nmmmbm <<fork>>
ishoyv --> nmmmbm : pjtwf
state qtagln <<join>>
nmmmbm --> kukdlt : xvyp
kukdlt --> fubwus : vjvob
fubwus --> qtagln : rdzosse
nmmmbm --> yureya : xbhv
yureya --> nctcnz : iptan
nctcnz --> qtagln : dczrlvz
qtagln --> blaugc : sztkp
state utqpof <<choice>>
blaugc --> utqpof : exxym
utqpof --> eizasd : vyee
eizasd --> gfybto : tlqqm
gfybto --> ngnldn : irhdn
ngnldn --> jekkgc : kupak
jekkgc --> mipayu : pgosnfh
utqpof --> icbusd : yqey
icbusd --> cxlpbv : jckmg
cxlpbv --> iuiktv : wpjlx
iuiktv --> mipayu : prebvki
mipayu --> iaswyk : itghw
iaswyk --> xndmyq : qhkjf
xndmyq --> cianjn : kftex
cianjn --> [*] : cafkq
@enduml