@startuml
hide empty description
state kmtxin
kmtxin --> zppsog : vvlit
zppsog --> vemdht : kotgk
vemdht --> btlpnw : yhaaf
state btlpnw {
[*] --> julucb : awhtw
julucb --> rfuzmm : ohdjq
rfuzmm --> jdeisu : iaffz
jdeisu --> wuxxjt : orcbb
wuxxjt --> [*] : sweei
}
btlpnw --> qijztp : rvfex
qijztp --> rmmadl : xwjun
rmmadl --> wscvhw : rzzat
wscvhw --> iakbja : lmfek
state iakbja {
[*] --> hhctvv : ceryc
hhctvv --> mvnhuc : gresi
mvnhuc --> uedlkh : oaoyf
uedlkh --> jqdlyl : hsjyu
jqdlyl --> [*] : ggygx
}
iakbja --> mwketb : mitqb
mwketb --> qlywkq : moflv
state jeuhxk <<fork>>
qlywkq --> jeuhxk : zrgsg
state cpqaqv <<join>>
jeuhxk --> gotycd : egti
gotycd --> rstnjx : qyhxz
rstnjx --> jebwjs : axilb
jebwjs --> ofwfii : pousu
ofwfii --> cpqaqv : tybcncr
jeuhxk --> vdmmoi : epwx
vdmmoi --> vtkooz : fszkp
vtkooz --> vkoclk : zxmyv
vkoclk --> cpqaqv : kxajynw
cpqaqv --> lxmdmw : divtg
lxmdmw --> uclzjh : gxxku
uclzjh --> xkgdim : jypnm
xkgdim --> xcgqmk : uqyuz
xcgqmk --> [*] : mjcbd
@enduml