@startuml
hide empty description
state cicspb
[*] --> cicspb : crrnd
cicspb --> riwxzl : riarn
riwxzl --> flwlkk : dnbib
flwlkk --> ugjbrd : grtht
ugjbrd --> xfcgjr : hgjzy
state cjrltc <<fork>>
xfcgjr --> cjrltc : pxyko
state plwybp <<join>>
cjrltc --> bzuaqs : nxdq
bzuaqs --> hjwysi : dmprz
hjwysi --> oyywmu : dchik
oyywmu --> plwybp : rrwzngp
cjrltc --> sbqxpp : fwom
sbqxpp --> awezir : prfab
awezir --> plwybp : qrvurtt
state ynxplc <<fork>>
plwybp --> ynxplc : zisez
state wyrqqo <<join>>
ynxplc --> kvdyat : vttx
kvdyat --> iyzxac : oroyi
iyzxac --> bcmgjt : afiib
bcmgjt --> lpehhy : efdoh
lpehhy --> wyrqqo : mucwibl
ynxplc --> ajrjgy : mriy
ajrjgy --> vaaxqm : cnqmj
vaaxqm --> toukvx : mxdcm
toukvx --> wyrqqo : xgreyjv
wyrqqo --> lzyxck : naghe
lzyxck --> ynngue : isaro
ynngue --> dkgkmm : pmtnj
dkgkmm --> xfccoz : kjtlq
xfccoz --> ebpyqk : ppvnk
ebpyqk --> pvvyrt : drrhl
pvvyrt --> kvrghp : ibzzq
state kvrghp {
[*] --> usdcsy : exhen
usdcsy --> amrvsv : vztrk
}
kvrghp --> ilsfbs : avcwn
ilsfbs --> asyalx : smkhy
asyalx --> [*] : hpvsn
@enduml