@startuml
state unptne
[*] --> unptne : zjrpt
state jnkcgz <<choice>>
unptne --> jnkcgz : hdjad
jnkcgz --> edxjhy : zada
edxjhy --> bdacic : lfriz
bdacic --> mmsdpp : kwnwn
mmsdpp --> aveamz : szstgqo
jnkcgz --> hpouik : javs
hpouik --> yfujvq : aexpa
yfujvq --> dovlvz : zonfj
dovlvz --> aveamz : svkpfql
jnkcgz --> fkdkxr : nfua
fkdkxr --> gvheru : rgpax
gvheru --> aveamz : vtbzzkp
aveamz --> felexw : zqfet
felexw --> zjilfg : ofjlg
zjilfg --> jtoetl : oclaw
jtoetl --> nohvai : bcrpn
state revlth <<fork>>
nohvai --> revlth : gwcsm
state ywffas <<join>>
revlth --> rhvyfh : jamu
rhvyfh --> eatezd : fxcaw
eatezd --> ywffas : mrhtioz
revlth --> bzbwor : eqom
bzbwor --> uebyjs : okoqb
uebyjs --> cguqds : pwctz
cguqds --> nreauw : kixkj
nreauw --> ywffas : duirauc
ywffas --> yexujj : wvuga
yexujj --> rjctfz : wdmcc
rjctfz --> nadjes : qhoqr
nadjes --> isbprm : oabld
isbprm --> kcldcx : oeexa
state kcldcx {
rqrrvy --> iukhhj : vgfhe
iukhhj --> vruqbd : cwoqb
vruqbd --> [*] : zseyq
}
kcldcx --> ithdgt : fvgrc
ithdgt --> wdxqhe : wrifh
state wdxqhe {
mfhrda --> pgukna : elmob
pgukna --> hjfjzl : lssbc
hjfjzl --> qxxdir : flrct
qxxdir --> [*] : jdhey
}
wdxqhe --> usmtjl : yfxrs
@enduml