@startuml
state gwfrpk
gwfrpk --> tcsowl : rsfee
state fdciyu <<choice>>
tcsowl --> fdciyu : thzvj
fdciyu --> onnilk : tmbc
onnilk --> iznykr : cqfog
iznykr --> zhqvpc : kgxuz
zhqvpc --> eziksq : piwdi
eziksq --> iusqlm : yimjtaw
fdciyu --> mfxgze : biti
mfxgze --> jsxtgi : mgbpc
jsxtgi --> gpbvla : jpppc
gpbvla --> wlfrwh : nqycs
wlfrwh --> iusqlm : hqfklnh
fdciyu --> hihqir : opgz
hihqir --> ayycea : zflyu
ayycea --> dzrjuy : zvecx
dzrjuy --> diyzkj : rhwtl
diyzkj --> iusqlm : svffjco
iusqlm --> fqyqvq : miuwv
state wvmtio <<fork>>
fqyqvq --> wvmtio : xnwzz
state zgpizt <<join>>
wvmtio --> ykkpbt : xwnl
ykkpbt --> myncxg : qkkuz
myncxg --> xgylyk : bverb
xgylyk --> butmwh : nmynu
butmwh --> zgpizt : eznebhw
wvmtio --> qvwvqv : gycf
qvwvqv --> gugpyr : gyaax
gugpyr --> zpyxqv : whwiq
zpyxqv --> zgpizt : hawcdyg
wvmtio --> xjaqtd : aada
xjaqtd --> pabpgx : trluq
pabpgx --> oaqhsf : vyjjh
oaqhsf --> zgpizt : fgeiteh
state fryoek <<choice>>
zgpizt --> fryoek : xajlk
fryoek --> tdlmii : rolh
tdlmii --> ymyvrp : noggk
ymyvrp --> xkwtsx : bftxqyr
fryoek --> ixcfnf : qrcv
ixcfnf --> tvuqmz : fzhzp
tvuqmz --> xkwtsx : szrhpos
xkwtsx --> dilwzg : bypwa
state rdorth <<choice>>
dilwzg --> rdorth : smlgh
rdorth --> thxjge : keyf
thxjge --> msjmuf : tyldk
msjmuf --> jbhirq : fitaf
jbhirq --> fkopxj : njitp
fkopxj --> xcjzqe : deonfqy
rdorth --> jiwfhm : bzid
jiwfhm --> zbbqao : prceb
zbbqao --> xcjzqe : faifsib
xcjzqe --> rlihyk : ekeit
state rlihyk {
siorze --> fxbmhv : whfcf
}
state ghkirj <<choice>>
rlihyk --> ghkirj : gevtb
ghkirj --> kezgiy : imbl
kezgiy --> daiuzh : pcrka
daiuzh --> xkxztc : nmmlkwx
ghkirj --> vdbxau : wlei
vdbxau --> gdvben : gnkdn
gdvben --> qptcmn : vmjyh
qptcmn --> haagpl : gdfzv
haagpl --> xkxztc : ietxcvw
xkxztc --> yoinsf : burqp
yoinsf --> ijxhev : srouf
ijxhev --> mjjocp : kuhnz
state ypeypp <<choice>>
mjjocp --> ypeypp : yqbka
ypeypp --> gqjufv : hgmd
gqjufv --> hqdiaj : wtoil
hqdiaj --> mshzdf : vnqkcqr
ypeypp --> bydykb : aswy
bydykb --> xpxtye : simxu
xpxtye --> ejlfzb : bwexl
ejlfzb --> qpztxj : znhzd
qpztxj --> mshzdf : hcdnjwp
mshzdf --> wcfuxc : uuiov
@enduml