@startuml
hide empty description
state zlyeni
state tgztgn <<fork>>
zlyeni --> tgztgn : juqjo
state umebtt <<join>>
tgztgn --> iaazfc : kbky
iaazfc --> hjiqkg : ozbuv
hjiqkg --> umebtt : mdpdglp
tgztgn --> hfubpt : bmgz
hfubpt --> ntxdrm : jbien
ntxdrm --> umebtt : wpirkvq
umebtt --> grnvpe : syoqx
state grnvpe {
goiddw --> ilsirt : ctsrs
ilsirt --> dvdmwy : ridot
dvdmwy --> [*] : dlktn
}
state mqyzsl <<choice>>
grnvpe --> mqyzsl : ttxuk
mqyzsl --> qdzqqh : ybfe
qdzqqh --> eaeclu : umtds
eaeclu --> fjqdle : zdhdnxr
mqyzsl --> afrusy : kelf
afrusy --> tolneg : pjqoj
tolneg --> roufsg : qwaym
roufsg --> rqgcqh : gzitc
rqgcqh --> fjqdle : arubwng
mqyzsl --> xbmkry : iadq
xbmkry --> gefodn : wkhff
gefodn --> fyvius : pxzvp
fyvius --> xqiiqp : lkejt
xqiiqp --> fjqdle : rsjynkx
fjqdle --> lyzpnu : fwkpe
lyzpnu --> [*] : ugdpu
@enduml