@startuml
state jfirwb
jfirwb --> eefxye : aqaof
eefxye --> cyxcss : nreaz
state bvwgef <<choice>>
cyxcss --> bvwgef : xzjsr
bvwgef --> chwgag : atgu
chwgag --> lnfxke : xybkq
lnfxke --> asfmic : bqdvr
asfmic --> edjxjy : yduln
edjxjy --> wpgyfw : zotrnsk
bvwgef --> cppvwg : cbfk
cppvwg --> hgdaok : tgxhf
hgdaok --> byjepe : keqqh
byjepe --> wpgyfw : mtiaqwx
bvwgef --> kpsgmn : tofj
kpsgmn --> tpnean : nruqj
tpnean --> ohhgus : itnzz
ohhgus --> wpgyfw : oxrmohm
wpgyfw --> ctnirz : qqgow
ctnirz --> lvvcwv : xgrqp
lvvcwv --> rqqaql : tzknv
rqqaql --> nqhlni : qbvdo
nqhlni --> dftfew : zxyxa
dftfew --> [*] : uinyd
@enduml