@startuml
state ghzxhr
[*] --> ghzxhr : lhxpe
state ivvacq <<choice>>
ghzxhr --> ivvacq : jkrxl
ivvacq --> xuulkf : gmak
xuulkf --> suoltu : wdzgy
suoltu --> aiibtl : vcrxr
aiibtl --> rezuau : waore
rezuau --> dwypzk : hvclxec
ivvacq --> ndiptg : jsiu
ndiptg --> gsxcpm : dbino
gsxcpm --> gjnvdv : emrvk
gjnvdv --> dwypzk : mafjmfd
ivvacq --> smmnal : yprd
smmnal --> kmsxrm : aqwhx
kmsxrm --> xtlydr : bptpr
xtlydr --> daxbga : lqdwr
daxbga --> dwypzk : wvhwwyd
state nnggae <<fork>>
dwypzk --> nnggae : cvsdr
state fqsljm <<join>>
nnggae --> cdhetx : aevi
cdhetx --> auyrgg : zjumc
auyrgg --> fqsljm : lhadgmo
nnggae --> vhrvfb : eqzw
vhrvfb --> gmlvqk : nbrna
gmlvqk --> rlxsof : fbjfu
rlxsof --> fqsljm : yjuqpkg
nnggae --> jshqjz : pirr
jshqjz --> mduwya : laktt
mduwya --> fqsljm : ezhzrew
fqsljm --> uovlyy : bowqn
uovlyy --> ziaqjr : wqkni
ziaqjr --> kkfvjx : kyncx
kkfvjx --> ohbnad : gzwcy
ohbnad --> wbwchj : dmphj
wbwchj --> qnmeim : flprz
qnmeim --> zllehg : gyvag
zllehg --> njaybf : ohnll
njaybf --> icnmps : qzaur
icnmps --> elowio : jgmnb
elowio --> [*] : bubiy
@enduml