@startuml
state bcguui
state jgugeu <<fork>>
bcguui --> jgugeu : lxzes
state zjttja <<join>>
jgugeu --> gbewvm : xbte
gbewvm --> fbjyvy : vaetv
fbjyvy --> zjttja : xngxotc
jgugeu --> kzjjsr : bqyn
kzjjsr --> makvus : twmqa
makvus --> srmcca : bmedn
srmcca --> zjttja : rjhyrux
state jnmfvq <<fork>>
zjttja --> jnmfvq : okxvu
state rhshrd <<join>>
jnmfvq --> ydnagx : pebq
ydnagx --> xtplgc : fksqz
xtplgc --> ujsdto : gmfde
ujsdto --> rhshrd : dfonkwd
jnmfvq --> kqggdg : tjeg
kqggdg --> rutamy : nagru
rutamy --> axufhn : iwuzt
axufhn --> rhshrd : fauksxg
rhshrd --> zwsptc : gnvud
zwsptc --> zitspd : rjjmk
zitspd --> xakuur : hktwu
xakuur --> hxpfhy : ngwdi
hxpfhy --> pcggjr : klytg
pcggjr --> fqilxl : rfyry
fqilxl --> [*] : fbsmr
@enduml