@startuml
hide empty description
state koopja
[*] --> koopja : fjvca
koopja --> adqkjr : ttarb
state pjltgr <<fork>>
adqkjr --> pjltgr : ydfhv
state owxvlm <<join>>
pjltgr --> ymmsne : uqjz
ymmsne --> bxewwa : fdarm
bxewwa --> owxvlm : uccgjtc
pjltgr --> bnquap : payz
bnquap --> bepajm : hvtzv
bepajm --> owxvlm : ixylqxg
pjltgr --> ucubma : iejf
ucubma --> ysvxwk : bxcku
ysvxwk --> pklctk : fkmeb
pklctk --> owxvlm : geytbul
owxvlm --> baddne : mnpxi
baddne --> pqbyti : vxrfi
pqbyti --> blbkcl : ukpdw
blbkcl --> tcgxfu : unflp
tcgxfu --> bgzngt : jgubf
bgzngt --> [*] : pezph
@enduml