@startuml
state fnqsll
fnqsll --> nmsawe : xfcue
nmsawe --> dhufsi : qzfvb
state sliftc <<choice>>
dhufsi --> sliftc : brdvc
sliftc --> mdwbgg : vnly
mdwbgg --> yksvxz : zgomv
yksvxz --> nrxtob : enxpx
nrxtob --> okylmi : zgeym
okylmi --> wkpoti : mpielgi
sliftc --> iokbme : qnsu
iokbme --> icrber : zbdie
icrber --> buvsof : zhpkp
buvsof --> wkpoti : vgxpdfb
sliftc --> yokdiz : yxmj
yokdiz --> ljusve : kgmau
ljusve --> jdgmeq : qhkdr
jdgmeq --> hdznnb : dlhrr
hdznnb --> wkpoti : idcjvcr
wkpoti --> trdacd : qaxnd
trdacd --> sgektu : pkriu
sgektu --> yofxkq : ejbnh
state kawyrh <<fork>>
yofxkq --> kawyrh : bixsu
state fuiqei <<join>>
kawyrh --> oxfbtv : eakb
oxfbtv --> yfgaeg : ylqmw
yfgaeg --> fuiqei : mjuhvkc
kawyrh --> meqqlb : aktu
meqqlb --> hbxsym : wrlun
hbxsym --> anixdb : rxiym
anixdb --> fuiqei : gacyczp
fuiqei --> pvvtst : pdojo
pvvtst --> jyflvr : pmtrs
jyflvr --> rlzgvg : jaqvc
@enduml