@startuml
hide empty description
state atbpsu
state zedife <<fork>>
atbpsu --> zedife : vfwpt
state vyfccj <<join>>
zedife --> qzsjdk : qdps
qzsjdk --> bpxpvu : gnnwp
bpxpvu --> swnpot : aqcwv
swnpot --> vyfccj : ztwufyc
zedife --> tsvwqe : xzuv
tsvwqe --> pktjid : aqdss
pktjid --> ndnrww : acoyc
ndnrww --> vyfccj : mtnziui
vyfccj --> hfusip : wtrlh
hfusip --> iheuvh : emvqs
state xowlrt <<fork>>
iheuvh --> xowlrt : jtlay
state zraxgp <<join>>
xowlrt --> pzqbcw : yjzj
pzqbcw --> ilbwkn : sqnkd
ilbwkn --> zraxgp : awwuexz
xowlrt --> ffphve : knvj
ffphve --> ahrbcq : gngeb
ahrbcq --> expdti : gfxue
expdti --> zraxgp : yjqrpmi
zraxgp --> dmhgmg : zeeze
dmhgmg --> sitxkl : kdxjh
sitxkl --> [*] : mmgyf
@enduml