@startuml
hide empty description
state ayhisj
ayhisj --> llorfh : frlql
llorfh --> gyviqv : mdwwe
gyviqv --> mnwksi : haoyr
mnwksi --> vjktaa : pymqe
vjktaa --> moqvgr : ctqlt
moqvgr --> khrvae : bpltm
khrvae --> phmbbp : slseu
phmbbp --> jbbirk : jqbgx
jbbirk --> nyjaos : tfltb
nyjaos --> zbfacg : qyvqr
state xmqoyv <<fork>>
zbfacg --> xmqoyv : bbbyi
state sgafik <<join>>
xmqoyv --> xpecmy : cazk
xpecmy --> pelgaz : jssxd
pelgaz --> sgafik : tdcszlf
xmqoyv --> miwaud : ihcp
miwaud --> mvyjzy : zmoaz
mvyjzy --> smzedn : jzugg
smzedn --> sgafik : dqrvkyc
state byifdx <<fork>>
sgafik --> byifdx : mssgn
state yjjuae <<join>>
byifdx --> bvrhaa : omet
bvrhaa --> icfhng : fbtws
icfhng --> yjjuae : vmcgayk
byifdx --> lmhzsa : xjar
lmhzsa --> xduxyq : swlmz
xduxyq --> yjjuae : elwxotd
byifdx --> ittpst : ptgw
ittpst --> jpsnpu : ovmkz
jpsnpu --> leilks : jmxhr
leilks --> tyezhv : oqdgw
tyezhv --> yjjuae : qyrzxzr
yjjuae --> yengzs : kwqfo
yengzs --> ygmjmf : togow
state ctmxwa <<choice>>
ygmjmf --> ctmxwa : rovmz
ctmxwa --> gtmqsr : nepu
gtmqsr --> vcqptl : llmvs
vcqptl --> hpytia : pzbmguz
ctmxwa --> dijopw : votb
dijopw --> hgykrn : xefmc
hgykrn --> hpytia : dcknbbq
ctmxwa --> vuuwfa : rscq
vuuwfa --> bqwzts : dzxhi
bqwzts --> ovdnrh : wlbta
ovdnrh --> crwwdt : opmur
crwwdt --> hpytia : khhzbcu
hpytia --> [*] : ovyfo
@enduml