@startuml
state fnfdce
[*] --> fnfdce : dxtxv
fnfdce --> bmowdu : ejtxw
bmowdu --> zjdfen : ieidt
state zjdfen {
djoybw --> oanvja : fwshg
oanvja --> miwnua : dtoyy
miwnua --> [*] : korty
}
state timvtc <<choice>>
zjdfen --> timvtc : jvgkv
timvtc --> tfpipt : lpat
tfpipt --> mnbeia : viutn
mnbeia --> cyznlv : lfpse
cyznlv --> xgtwdk : lmccz
xgtwdk --> rgdyef : znzxetf
timvtc --> trcldi : zrcl
trcldi --> ubrxbf : jgxuu
ubrxbf --> rgdyef : hbhndtu
timvtc --> jzqtme : khvc
jzqtme --> sblana : stdpx
sblana --> znnaev : hotkr
znnaev --> fzyvca : zygpy
fzyvca --> rgdyef : zvasmdb
rgdyef --> fnofhc : cfslz
fnofhc --> pascbt : gklne
pascbt --> xcxrqw : etmpb
xcxrqw --> pvjruc : pimmh
pvjruc --> cuitzr : igfkt
cuitzr --> clzrax : yapyy
state qblafh <<fork>>
clzrax --> qblafh : vvoqp
state fyiupw <<join>>
qblafh --> slityh : nero
slityh --> oyapht : knejo
oyapht --> fyiupw : rjrqfhs
qblafh --> hkhrys : ivva
hkhrys --> clrsqa : lezad
clrsqa --> dyrbds : qjjwd
dyrbds --> fyiupw : lqbemed
fyiupw --> uhbroc : ahegg
uhbroc --> arfiaa : ncozq
arfiaa --> rhlmbh : nqtxx
rhlmbh --> gwfwml : juqkj
gwfwml --> nsujyf : rfgbl
nsujyf --> [*] : ayyre
@enduml