@startuml
state rfzpyc
rfzpyc --> fitivh : yvsvt
fitivh --> faclnx : mtnrp
faclnx --> ephcuo : elkrq
ephcuo --> knnzhk : azxvj
knnzhk --> siqete : kckmb
state ptpgrn <<fork>>
siqete --> ptpgrn : ymrfh
state pwjvpa <<join>>
ptpgrn --> qsyhrx : bprz
qsyhrx --> atyzny : ldcpc
atyzny --> pwjvpa : wyargis
ptpgrn --> jeeosj : tkig
jeeosj --> rooxva : vsutj
rooxva --> pwjvpa : kniiess
ptpgrn --> cggonw : cdxo
cggonw --> slnliq : rszhg
slnliq --> fltpyh : uwuhx
fltpyh --> hxnbab : nezzu
hxnbab --> pwjvpa : nvqgcqu
state ghufyx <<choice>>
pwjvpa --> ghufyx : hoenl
ghufyx --> wacqln : xbcb
wacqln --> glbsoq : rvuwr
glbsoq --> eagybp : batziep
ghufyx --> eitmbv : nqxu
eitmbv --> bipvrt : atwmu
bipvrt --> geblwb : mzdrd
geblwb --> eagybp : kwrhmrc
ghufyx --> sbtlif : gdxh
sbtlif --> rciahr : upofk
rciahr --> eagybp : onovjnl
eagybp --> nahyzl : mpgsi
nahyzl --> eehxuz : yuycu
eehxuz --> [*] : bpnmh
@enduml