@startuml
hide empty description
state crbjls
[*] --> crbjls : tkabs
crbjls --> xoqxub : kzrmw
xoqxub --> ohodil : nvlat
ohodil --> qmiips : xqsat
qmiips --> xoxaoi : urgkj
xoxaoi --> yxikra : zpigj
yxikra --> juhfoy : wifkz
state dvdofg <<choice>>
juhfoy --> dvdofg : prqgl
dvdofg --> iatasv : bgty
iatasv --> zzwdrh : cagty
zzwdrh --> mrmafv : jmczd
mrmafv --> kwtjhf : urgxn
kwtjhf --> uuvyja : oljisbb
dvdofg --> vrpbpq : lzkv
vrpbpq --> joosib : awujs
joosib --> smsmhb : gtcgz
smsmhb --> uuvyja : erxuyfk
uuvyja --> wdkmrf : hnexi
wdkmrf --> ravpww : mgles
@enduml