@startuml
hide empty description
state nudsvh
[*] --> nudsvh : uqvso
nudsvh --> wnjicc : iugdv
wnjicc --> cxwmhg : txqxb
state mghmlr <<choice>>
cxwmhg --> mghmlr : rwjjr
mghmlr --> hdmibd : ciao
hdmibd --> asnyof : toekl
asnyof --> wkhkwr : vsoya
wkhkwr --> hkdzua : sqgpa
hkdzua --> ixvhzk : fakexcu
mghmlr --> djsgff : xugi
djsgff --> hshfyl : mdnmd
hshfyl --> ixvhzk : cfpczvm
mghmlr --> lvhjxs : nnyj
lvhjxs --> jfgzhh : ajquy
jfgzhh --> xnyfeh : rueko
xnyfeh --> chqscd : afspj
chqscd --> ixvhzk : ymvcetf
ixvhzk --> ivhvbz : qutom
ivhvbz --> fdzpgp : tefiw
fdzpgp --> kccrjs : tjmmv
kccrjs --> fjgzof : sdizx
fjgzof --> unuojx : vdujc
@enduml