@startuml
hide empty description
state azhcme
azhcme --> dwpmqm : kcyyv
state dwpmqm {
howrrd --> rqixla : qlble
rqixla --> cjyvbr : lvrns
cjyvbr --> [*] : ijhmj
}
dwpmqm --> mnzbuf : pemjr
mnzbuf --> dmemgy : datpg
dmemgy --> inhwgr : awboj
inhwgr --> wgcsjy : giojc
state ubzywe <<fork>>
wgcsjy --> ubzywe : tkrdu
state mhjhez <<join>>
ubzywe --> xwmzid : ypjg
xwmzid --> djfmhp : csmms
djfmhp --> cijwiv : ybsab
cijwiv --> mhjhez : mndoslr
ubzywe --> kblhuc : fffo
kblhuc --> jnwyyl : gcqdk
jnwyyl --> mroujf : kotyh
mroujf --> flwqdj : wxbud
flwqdj --> mhjhez : wcxfgrh
mhjhez --> zcvpdx : eddpv
@enduml