@startuml
hide empty description
state sdeiwz
[*] --> sdeiwz : dddag
sdeiwz --> tzkchh : igppc
tzkchh --> qthnwz : tiguk
qthnwz --> hlehmp : gobmm
state hlehmp {
pimqyb --> lkucni : jsmoi
lkucni --> srdknv : qinlk
srdknv --> oaoqll : jsner
oaoqll --> [*] : ipynb
}
hlehmp --> aqjygx : sltjh
state yfwdej <<choice>>
aqjygx --> yfwdej : omous
yfwdej --> xyzxuo : zedf
xyzxuo --> qurxln : taeez
qurxln --> rxvikb : jocuk
rxvikb --> fqekai : ugijmsk
yfwdej --> qltdno : fhps
qltdno --> mdkyge : biivv
mdkyge --> zijevj : wgswo
zijevj --> fqekai : cxsuyht
fqekai --> [*] : ywmiy
@enduml