@startuml
state onzcyk
onzcyk --> wuokfk : tqdxc
wuokfk --> rglqcz : txlhd
rglqcz --> qdibcm : ycpcn
qdibcm --> xjmrml : lhwlx
xjmrml --> vrhflw : tlmoi
state uvklvw <<fork>>
vrhflw --> uvklvw : lvxjt
state ktkuyi <<join>>
uvklvw --> wjeibz : jmzb
wjeibz --> oiajcd : hrhti
oiajcd --> ejjhem : qovvr
ejjhem --> syukfb : shyip
syukfb --> ktkuyi : bkcqyxj
uvklvw --> pwmejn : hlnf
pwmejn --> ktaxcy : agnrh
ktaxcy --> bpirpi : cvfdn
bpirpi --> cxoomt : lrpcc
cxoomt --> ktkuyi : cofaljj
ktkuyi --> bbfbtg : uyhdv
bbfbtg --> quybqz : avjxv
quybqz --> jdlajm : fxlrc
jdlajm --> asoufm : mfeeu
asoufm --> wzojdk : wkfnf
wzojdk --> uytzjn : wegbz
state vvblhr <<choice>>
uytzjn --> vvblhr : rjlip
vvblhr --> zybgbp : jglw
zybgbp --> rchpwc : jgpnp
rchpwc --> scbznp : ilttk
scbznp --> abrlvr : ufbnqxy
vvblhr --> azswhr : kglc
azswhr --> bihsuq : nsqco
bihsuq --> npzznf : qfgoi
npzznf --> hzwlky : jepxo
hzwlky --> abrlvr : fnkcfhn
abrlvr --> [*] : drejz
@enduml