@startuml
hide empty description
state dukrrl
[*] --> dukrrl : mqpse
dukrrl --> mammdk : bmylo
mammdk --> phepwo : dwrdv
phepwo --> xmhxlw : yzrus
xmhxlw --> iuthlw : dnooj
iuthlw --> oeqoks : bsxjv
oeqoks --> wjxbhi : xinip
state notpxd <<fork>>
wjxbhi --> notpxd : qpnlu
state opggfc <<join>>
notpxd --> nopivw : raqs
nopivw --> qhuulr : srnjc
qhuulr --> ucbnik : adbsl
ucbnik --> opggfc : gkzpmcu
notpxd --> jlvjkw : lzyn
jlvjkw --> srocmz : erlqo
srocmz --> rvmuat : xfpby
rvmuat --> opggfc : bfpmgsp
opggfc --> sysibd : ifhjy
sysibd --> [*] : jkvge
@enduml