@startuml
state aaajur
[*] --> aaajur : hxuyz
aaajur --> wpzmga : ivjxc
state dfzfdc <<choice>>
wpzmga --> dfzfdc : ibijy
dfzfdc --> yraxcu : nigq
yraxcu --> tsjyyd : bbrqv
tsjyyd --> razhvp : uqzmuka
dfzfdc --> mtnmir : pxaf
mtnmir --> tszlbo : jcgcx
tszlbo --> lxpccr : kupre
lxpccr --> razhvp : zfjxjwo
dfzfdc --> hxvoia : gheq
hxvoia --> hkzzhp : ciwnb
hkzzhp --> klqlih : oroxm
klqlih --> ajigfi : cprma
ajigfi --> razhvp : pmfcznq
state vrywbo <<fork>>
razhvp --> vrywbo : lgbje
state sjusdf <<join>>
vrywbo --> jjklis : govj
jjklis --> xflkpl : ttjxl
xflkpl --> ukeqjs : gxkpq
ukeqjs --> sjusdf : lradfty
vrywbo --> hvepux : pknl
hvepux --> tyzpsb : frqqu
tyzpsb --> sjusdf : wfakepo
sjusdf --> fxaaih : llkoi
fxaaih --> wziehm : chkqp
wziehm --> xagzmu : dfiiv
xagzmu --> srbfxf : ciyfi
srbfxf --> [*] : szxys
@enduml