@startuml
state vpclfn
state tuaqjj <<fork>>
vpclfn --> tuaqjj : ylqnn
state lmfaob <<join>>
tuaqjj --> tmxyjy : atzz
tmxyjy --> ceubqe : wvpoe
ceubqe --> ngwxcg : hqrps
ngwxcg --> lmfaob : rxuwjis
tuaqjj --> dgyxzc : hant
dgyxzc --> amqbsw : creer
amqbsw --> gbhpgh : incpx
gbhpgh --> cjxlzu : yudoc
cjxlzu --> lmfaob : uhxlpfo
tuaqjj --> jnsbhv : rcug
jnsbhv --> qeqnua : hooys
qeqnua --> lmfaob : yklhpia
state vhjhsl <<fork>>
lmfaob --> vhjhsl : mqenj
state qtbcwt <<join>>
vhjhsl --> ldyucm : oncs
ldyucm --> swzqml : pltea
swzqml --> gcdvbj : lksvz
gcdvbj --> eioujx : vhcle
eioujx --> qtbcwt : lftsbmd
vhjhsl --> qwzzdw : boue
qwzzdw --> nxuxaz : seiau
nxuxaz --> qtbcwt : cxkkqet
vhjhsl --> ljlrrb : jwqd
ljlrrb --> hurjiv : bfsxa
hurjiv --> vrseso : uhuxe
vrseso --> hsysqw : ddqdh
hsysqw --> qtbcwt : gptxcid
qtbcwt --> pbswry : szlcj
state pbswry {
[*] --> jddsuw : ovrrx
jddsuw --> jshjck : myksf
jshjck --> kqdzgx : jxqkz
}
pbswry --> aypnnn : wprcg
aypnnn --> ugusgl : rbtcj
ugusgl --> shidcb : hcjwm
shidcb --> pjtvei : ldjdx
@enduml