@startuml
state ocfczc
ocfczc --> vnswhr : revnp
state ubweuv <<choice>>
vnswhr --> ubweuv : mnnnj
ubweuv --> arwfow : ybqv
arwfow --> plknta : kgwrv
plknta --> pgamno : wlvut
pgamno --> yqsnay : slgyphy
ubweuv --> vhwrww : ocvp
vhwrww --> sibdqo : zimgu
sibdqo --> yqsnay : mjnvkbp
ubweuv --> yljzin : oekw
yljzin --> qfdezl : tjdur
qfdezl --> bdjntk : wjugk
bdjntk --> uakkuf : dicog
uakkuf --> yqsnay : lgxcqlz
yqsnay --> lbumfo : evaob
lbumfo --> hryspf : oisii
hryspf --> mtkkzj : nuwrw
mtkkzj --> zpnmua : dwkte
zpnmua --> xcslii : gfefa
state xcslii {
zbdmyf --> yobpkt : fitmr
}
xcslii --> kclogf : cxkqy
kclogf --> eimdno : vysoh
eimdno --> dkeefx : djnla
dkeefx --> bdjpqh : htoks
state xkrlex <<choice>>
bdjpqh --> xkrlex : cgehk
xkrlex --> rjuovr : cyyz
rjuovr --> iruioo : dehxc
iruioo --> sshlph : itahd
sshlph --> fmuipx : szcoe
fmuipx --> yotsfs : jnjntvz
xkrlex --> ipijcx : glxt
ipijcx --> hgbjrf : lanrb
hgbjrf --> yotsfs : odzlcpk
yotsfs --> cvprzy : fcxxp
cvprzy --> [*] : nficg
@enduml