@startuml
hide empty description
state tdztck
[*] --> tdztck : ldays
tdztck --> tougca : tvttr
tougca --> lhqeja : tilip
lhqeja --> qdnmma : azgzv
qdnmma --> asqser : qkizh
asqser --> lznqeo : lsidp
state btqfig <<fork>>
lznqeo --> btqfig : liqbp
state uglhgo <<join>>
btqfig --> gnsikz : deyg
gnsikz --> ytinpy : kpysg
ytinpy --> uglhgo : gqszqyp
btqfig --> pwwlqc : wmlp
pwwlqc --> ycpcvx : exdyv
ycpcvx --> aemvul : vrgtt
aemvul --> pmfsqw : tafdb
pmfsqw --> uglhgo : ujexnht
btqfig --> ogaypl : wulf
ogaypl --> cklhpo : gojel
cklhpo --> xibofw : obtkr
xibofw --> uglhgo : rmjmady
uglhgo --> iqebfe : eksvm
iqebfe --> ddsgfj : bnqil
state ddsgfj {
fppmuh --> cqwfqt : gvhji
}
ddsgfj --> tejpxw : xrjlm
tejpxw --> [*] : vefiv
@enduml