@startuml
hide empty description
state jzkazt
[*] --> jzkazt : fcodb
state dnmpzp <<fork>>
jzkazt --> dnmpzp : rptzs
state ktpjoe <<join>>
dnmpzp --> fzongh : bdue
fzongh --> psxqhu : josfc
psxqhu --> ecxlgh : lwzlo
ecxlgh --> omrnsd : csgym
omrnsd --> ktpjoe : gmdlfbx
dnmpzp --> kbnydl : mmhi
kbnydl --> qxymwa : tawup
qxymwa --> hkiqkd : fhgwc
hkiqkd --> ktpjoe : yegkoxt
dnmpzp --> uoznjg : kebr
uoznjg --> azjnnl : trmry
azjnnl --> ktpjoe : jewnatu
ktpjoe --> ydxpki : vzlcv
ydxpki --> bsrror : shnxi
state volwpw <<choice>>
bsrror --> volwpw : clomm
volwpw --> xevsui : alfy
xevsui --> firjqm : tmrpu
firjqm --> almyuz : hgstmqz
volwpw --> hddwzm : bcxs
hddwzm --> bqwffb : zedlq
bqwffb --> emcbxv : wksrf
emcbxv --> tocgov : bkkhf
tocgov --> almyuz : xhkhfbv
volwpw --> viifxh : nppx
viifxh --> iztamq : vdaja
iztamq --> ipmblo : siwiw
ipmblo --> almyuz : rmtmfuy
almyuz --> dejvbk : cfuly
dejvbk --> xgcngd : houao
xgcngd --> veartk : mqnmd
veartk --> kjdmfl : djwcg
kjdmfl --> bbhbfp : lclyr
bbhbfp --> lskcev : ufukx
lskcev --> yjmeed : pdspu
yjmeed --> kvrpmw : xxyxl
kvrpmw --> zobmyd : lljsw
@enduml