@startuml
hide empty description
state sxwroc
[*] --> sxwroc : pejal
sxwroc --> bobork : wryrf
bobork --> lipqgk : salkl
lipqgk --> rptgnf : incpd
state beulfz <<fork>>
rptgnf --> beulfz : sfwxe
state yubssk <<join>>
beulfz --> qusksh : bryf
qusksh --> jiaesw : hgbcf
jiaesw --> xbwali : dejml
xbwali --> yubssk : vzpvykh
beulfz --> dzchtr : bhwe
dzchtr --> saznxp : apyyp
saznxp --> yubssk : ngsiexj
beulfz --> joujte : zzbc
joujte --> iulomh : xyvqk
iulomh --> cnsnyq : gjbwa
cnsnyq --> dmkvcs : aqxxv
dmkvcs --> yubssk : lvnsdmi
yubssk --> zzhatl : wsjvn
zzhatl --> hdetwd : jvcrh
state hdetwd {
skxrlw --> qcgtjd : nrdpt
qcgtjd --> ruoogy : iazqq
ruoogy --> obtbow : czedz
obtbow --> [*] : vyuga
}
state lyneho <<fork>>
hdetwd --> lyneho : glerl
state soqxvf <<join>>
lyneho --> vterjt : wajx
vterjt --> rhgvkg : vubxb
rhgvkg --> wxcocm : xhyij
wxcocm --> valtph : fobic
valtph --> soqxvf : erjnbkv
lyneho --> rjbrhq : zdac
rjbrhq --> vcurhr : maffs
vcurhr --> chklmq : rrgeq
chklmq --> jbfafs : wiuyv
jbfafs --> soqxvf : poyxqem
lyneho --> zwheyy : eixk
zwheyy --> alfedz : vwpsi
alfedz --> soqxvf : cfouhaq
state auqdht <<fork>>
soqxvf --> auqdht : diqye
state bkflms <<join>>
auqdht --> ernwbj : vzhy
ernwbj --> dnwnjo : qtfnh
dnwnjo --> bkflms : zzkrmmp
auqdht --> niojnh : vwkz
niojnh --> wlambx : dqdbk
wlambx --> bkflms : xqzlyys
bkflms --> ygunqk : vzgmc
ygunqk --> xwiuuo : igqsp
xwiuuo --> vecpom : jxtdg
state glcktm <<choice>>
vecpom --> glcktm : nwlic
glcktm --> nweggh : wyms
nweggh --> iqsbuf : ntrqw
iqsbuf --> apwdtm : vocnw
apwdtm --> bbdehk : ugkairm
glcktm --> rpezxh : liwn
rpezxh --> gqzmcx : pdgie
gqzmcx --> bbdehk : mfrcuei
glcktm --> ptzlbc : zwqd
ptzlbc --> ibzgxf : uipua
ibzgxf --> bbdehk : rdjmcic
bbdehk --> ykiyky : ajgge
ykiyky --> ozuuax : qjlgk
ozuuax --> [*] : qpvbf
@enduml