@startuml
hide empty description
state mbmpdu
mbmpdu --> ncqocl : ihpgm
ncqocl --> ekbtge : gfbvg
state gjdhfu <<choice>>
ekbtge --> gjdhfu : xvtff
gjdhfu --> jzpeoq : llkz
jzpeoq --> ujojud : qmzxr
ujojud --> nzhvgh : bcgps
nzhvgh --> dmgxih : ozrmb
dmgxih --> jisawk : nrkqmuw
gjdhfu --> hnllbv : aesi
hnllbv --> acjpvw : tdtnv
acjpvw --> wfkwls : oorej
wfkwls --> jisawk : pyjvpfi
jisawk --> vfhmku : tpsur
state qulwkv <<choice>>
vfhmku --> qulwkv : zrnpn
qulwkv --> welihe : fynq
welihe --> mfigiy : lfjpb
mfigiy --> zqpmby : rkfek
zqpmby --> lmlwvx : wbtmc
lmlwvx --> crtgev : tnilwww
qulwkv --> dgninf : rhpp
dgninf --> ovxoyw : fmojj
ovxoyw --> gksyuo : aefit
gksyuo --> itmgwa : xmhyq
itmgwa --> crtgev : zyzrhhb
qulwkv --> dxjair : huzb
dxjair --> ynhmtq : zihya
ynhmtq --> jjisps : ycosn
jjisps --> usvddz : tmuxk
usvddz --> crtgev : frmlnrp
crtgev --> ykorys : iciey
ykorys --> jtjrcn : vblwf
jtjrcn --> biihzt : fbyew
biihzt --> pdefmp : kodtr
state mosjfh <<fork>>
pdefmp --> mosjfh : kyvre
state hlwqgl <<join>>
mosjfh --> yvueko : khmk
yvueko --> kfteod : dodjy
kfteod --> meiewl : gnxlv
meiewl --> ktwhcq : sqhwc
ktwhcq --> hlwqgl : vgljffx
mosjfh --> ykznrn : rdon
ykznrn --> osayke : bbydj
osayke --> dktrfb : aztom
dktrfb --> ztowod : hvunq
ztowod --> hlwqgl : ruqcwmn
mosjfh --> bgptwv : nrwy
bgptwv --> afuusi : zjdaw
afuusi --> dayegn : vmhze
dayegn --> xxcclt : klhhp
xxcclt --> hlwqgl : rsuoxqb
state zlenna <<fork>>
hlwqgl --> zlenna : mrsds
state aywxsr <<join>>
zlenna --> sohvcw : vimk
sohvcw --> tiircu : annoa
tiircu --> aywxsr : hqzdmsv
zlenna --> xgfrhe : govg
xgfrhe --> xnoxyq : fnmle
xnoxyq --> cgjgvz : sqixf
cgjgvz --> aywxsr : fslpcue
aywxsr --> [*] : tnddg
@enduml