@startuml
hide empty description
state chfjpj
[*] --> chfjpj : tjxum
chfjpj --> ifrohk : xutfj
ifrohk --> nknyvz : hrbli
nknyvz --> xwwjoh : eucse
xwwjoh --> osxaeb : niaru
osxaeb --> jfjxaf : wznqx
jfjxaf --> hanwon : vlhte
hanwon --> yxzarm : snvqv
state fegyej <<choice>>
yxzarm --> fegyej : xqkay
fegyej --> omnmdt : kopf
omnmdt --> vporsd : zyckp
vporsd --> muknsa : yllstlk
fegyej --> mmictf : nawz
mmictf --> hvxtgw : nqnim
hvxtgw --> udfwds : iijdp
udfwds --> muknsa : eehkyoc
fegyej --> vmehpu : rpli
vmehpu --> sdauwo : gjzwv
sdauwo --> wjtqvw : geiao
wjtqvw --> muknsa : pdofpcn
muknsa --> fsgeyv : dcpjg
state jitmxe <<fork>>
fsgeyv --> jitmxe : wqqhq
state avybbm <<join>>
jitmxe --> wfhueh : itwl
wfhueh --> lqgkck : gakgs
lqgkck --> avybbm : kuvagbc
jitmxe --> pamhbw : jtru
pamhbw --> gpztzj : kikzn
gpztzj --> dkkvfo : jrcoz
dkkvfo --> rwunnu : yowpg
rwunnu --> avybbm : vgkmgyl
jitmxe --> shmcyj : oojg
shmcyj --> srhrta : etsnk
srhrta --> avybbm : hyeihsc
avybbm --> pxdvae : xjbom
pxdvae --> wwcvic : inodo
wwcvic --> zqxegf : adchg
zqxegf --> lwzrzj : eyvsh
state lwzrzj {
sclmlw --> qpbljc : uxgji
qpbljc --> lxjvxw : htsjs
lxjvxw --> [*] : ywksx
}
lwzrzj --> sqtevj : gqhhd
@enduml