@startuml
state udwpmx
[*] --> udwpmx : dxjof
state gbdgfx <<fork>>
udwpmx --> gbdgfx : rzhly
state imozdb <<join>>
gbdgfx --> mhntan : ayrf
mhntan --> vsewvc : fojcj
vsewvc --> imozdb : xymmnwx
gbdgfx --> obxigq : ejsl
obxigq --> bnopti : tfjpg
bnopti --> hkfsep : yyihd
hkfsep --> imozdb : cahuhvu
imozdb --> nofcql : kugnd
nofcql --> hktdgf : dckhv
hktdgf --> hwhwbg : hkjcr
state hambnp <<choice>>
hwhwbg --> hambnp : ykphy
hambnp --> dnobxx : sgvf
dnobxx --> ndnipt : jwncb
ndnipt --> vrzeph : ybnqncq
hambnp --> bsvhma : tewx
bsvhma --> jmgnkf : pdcvg
jmgnkf --> hsavrw : wqymr
hsavrw --> rykqyz : nbaae
rykqyz --> vrzeph : secejpp
hambnp --> aecqne : sgvd
aecqne --> czllon : eyokc
czllon --> vrzeph : oybijjz
@enduml