@startuml
hide empty description
state nbhoah
state piloxv <<fork>>
nbhoah --> piloxv : iwzvn
state lzcjec <<join>>
piloxv --> molnmk : hugd
molnmk --> fztghg : ldtzf
fztghg --> sjzooi : unzsy
sjzooi --> lzcjec : skpkemb
piloxv --> ojqciw : iocd
ojqciw --> bbccct : hzact
bbccct --> ljydnh : nnusj
ljydnh --> lzcjec : pwnnemv
piloxv --> zjtkbx : zajj
zjtkbx --> ocksrv : pvybm
ocksrv --> icgggy : vtkae
icgggy --> jayogk : qyojq
jayogk --> lzcjec : wpgnkct
lzcjec --> ntwvss : zrjbq
ntwvss --> ezvzqx : amocw
ezvzqx --> cmaqcw : slrth
state cmaqcw {
[*] --> gvrsci : lpgum
gvrsci --> lbfkri : uvnfr
lbfkri --> upuxqh : mytre
upuxqh --> aafndz : mdcyr
aafndz --> [*] : cvlly
}
state evhvfa <<choice>>
cmaqcw --> evhvfa : vgksl
evhvfa --> jyjcnk : kwdu
jyjcnk --> cpkwmq : paiqa
cpkwmq --> dvullh : ikokeiv
evhvfa --> hqhsig : xcbx
hqhsig --> ixbjtn : gvvbx
ixbjtn --> dvullh : dqghbln
evhvfa --> ytizdg : ehln
ytizdg --> xekjwk : lzxaf
xekjwk --> dvullh : drlycgk
dvullh --> rdqnsu : oujua
rdqnsu --> xjymdp : uuknu
xjymdp --> hjcral : zuuoe
hjcral --> wivuha : phbbs
@enduml