@startuml
hide empty description
state fsqgae
state bjmasp <<fork>>
fsqgae --> bjmasp : mjqcn
state bjbnns <<join>>
bjmasp --> ynyasl : qply
ynyasl --> njfnrk : rotlr
njfnrk --> bprqpr : prsui
bprqpr --> bjbnns : xdnkodq
bjmasp --> pieaqe : jbap
pieaqe --> pekbqy : jfqcx
pekbqy --> aksalm : ixknz
aksalm --> bjbnns : tqiuilt
bjmasp --> jxjfje : savn
jxjfje --> kxwecf : oqvle
kxwecf --> bjbnns : pvhordo
bjbnns --> uhgjus : avxyo
state uhgjus {
akvorg --> ehgjwl : ycksr
ehgjwl --> rcktxp : mfyex
rcktxp --> vqznqq : sfckj
vqznqq --> [*] : pynil
}
uhgjus --> rdhwek : eeohv
@enduml