@startuml
hide empty description
state cohowv
[*] --> cohowv : pzbqf
cohowv --> jjntxo : tdmob
jjntxo --> xrhmis : qutmp
xrhmis --> olduhr : uylha
olduhr --> tuqeab : kijdn
tuqeab --> draqcx : hqzot
draqcx --> hwfsln : ikoca
hwfsln --> beqkvc : afuoe
beqkvc --> nujjvc : odupv
nujjvc --> ylutkv : zqkkr
ylutkv --> ttpoxe : xxcuv
state lgwpgc <<fork>>
ttpoxe --> lgwpgc : hnidt
state tawpad <<join>>
lgwpgc --> xqonne : dibl
xqonne --> unpilc : vpqna
unpilc --> pgfcwn : cqawt
pgfcwn --> tawpad : fxgvvxd
lgwpgc --> lndfuz : mnww
lndfuz --> kapybb : ccduj
kapybb --> hveqtt : qrnmj
hveqtt --> tawpad : oimbjlt
lgwpgc --> obydtf : ambo
obydtf --> fvzbaz : ixfwt
fvzbaz --> ojgrhn : xyltu
ojgrhn --> tawpad : fmgfoil
@enduml