@startuml
hide empty description
state bdjnhc
bdjnhc --> olazxp : odwyr
olazxp --> szetkj : qayjq
state szetkj {
[*] --> jivxue : pxrlf
jivxue --> oqnjnx : sqygr
oqnjnx --> czinbk : pebnx
czinbk --> iubvcd : umsuj
}
state vuhkiq <<choice>>
szetkj --> vuhkiq : tmzck
vuhkiq --> ehneea : anzz
ehneea --> lxqoig : kfdgj
lxqoig --> jhytim : tcrablo
vuhkiq --> rqjqmw : nzup
rqjqmw --> hhxhfm : adehp
hhxhfm --> eneonv : thtem
eneonv --> pihkrj : havuh
pihkrj --> jhytim : hlyvylt
vuhkiq --> ppfktp : sknf
ppfktp --> foyarh : zienb
foyarh --> fermib : nylnb
fermib --> iawrcf : lwlcb
iawrcf --> jhytim : ovxdrxw
jhytim --> gskolu : utpxz
gskolu --> eyrgte : nfgzl
@enduml