@startuml
hide empty description
state rbtvbo
state cmupim <<fork>>
rbtvbo --> cmupim : aycxg
state gzgyhv <<join>>
cmupim --> xozatg : btzw
xozatg --> itlumo : ljjyp
itlumo --> qpvqsk : pzbbt
qpvqsk --> gzgyhv : xctjjgi
cmupim --> deabqw : veke
deabqw --> hmqzdc : egzsg
hmqzdc --> jtuvjk : ghnqq
jtuvjk --> gzgyhv : fddbitp
cmupim --> iauhyg : mtbi
iauhyg --> edbzpt : gssla
edbzpt --> gzgyhv : oaqthqk
gzgyhv --> fvyitz : pjpmc
state nniuux <<fork>>
fvyitz --> nniuux : pvqsi
state xwetlk <<join>>
nniuux --> awiqyo : hfvp
awiqyo --> yiblsp : ndghp
yiblsp --> xwetlk : rrnhqoz
nniuux --> eilczx : xgsc
eilczx --> sfmxjf : mcbcy
sfmxjf --> xwetlk : ojykaft
nniuux --> zrfczr : kaet
zrfczr --> eolajx : axxrb
eolajx --> gjqqrq : azysy
gjqqrq --> zlllbm : yhjrd
zlllbm --> xwetlk : lgiwcrf
@enduml