@startuml
state xjeshg
xjeshg --> rjmmbf : zaxgl
rjmmbf --> gwiqmi : utgri
gwiqmi --> otfhwr : sodna
state gjqimq <<fork>>
otfhwr --> gjqimq : lxrmp
state twjqjv <<join>>
gjqimq --> tovzrl : laej
tovzrl --> smlysk : frbbo
smlysk --> twjqjv : ywfdwee
gjqimq --> mrhlvz : svvo
mrhlvz --> emdtmd : uaozz
emdtmd --> ignqhb : tueib
ignqhb --> twjqjv : ynpurex
gjqimq --> qbcvpo : nqcp
qbcvpo --> eglpvr : idkhh
eglpvr --> wapggo : yacvy
wapggo --> xbtifk : zvlwb
xbtifk --> twjqjv : pargeht
twjqjv --> ygkxzi : vyhii
ygkxzi --> qhxgmb : rihao
@enduml