@startuml
hide empty description
state xggjxz
xggjxz --> zruheg : ohfph
state lhendb <<choice>>
zruheg --> lhendb : uijjx
lhendb --> vokitr : yrit
vokitr --> mhftix : gcune
mhftix --> kahkly : kscvbcb
lhendb --> yanrpu : hrwx
yanrpu --> ggmkkb : itmrc
ggmkkb --> zyewna : ymlvs
zyewna --> wolyca : puchi
wolyca --> kahkly : qdevsta
kahkly --> qqjdrg : vfehp
qqjdrg --> habokr : dawib
habokr --> zbbixb : wnqyd
zbbixb --> wpvwgt : ukenx
state wpvwgt {
[*] --> jpwxus : wkpxy
jpwxus --> linfbe : korwx
linfbe --> [*] : qarsz
}
wpvwgt --> [*] : xrcpv
@enduml