@startuml
hide empty description
state bhdzjg
bhdzjg --> rednlx : sevpl
rednlx --> obonrf : iydtf
obonrf --> cqanvc : mmmml
cqanvc --> uqdwfk : hrnnk
state jkgrxf <<fork>>
uqdwfk --> jkgrxf : cajrj
state pobbpr <<join>>
jkgrxf --> vuulct : fmyh
vuulct --> suhzza : evvgj
suhzza --> pobbpr : tqgndxi
jkgrxf --> rrrtgy : nqsh
rrrtgy --> rakxlk : jrmhr
rakxlk --> tzbhaf : omota
tzbhaf --> pobbpr : ojncoqj
pobbpr --> soltrb : nifcy
state jznzwx <<choice>>
soltrb --> jznzwx : ynmzi
jznzwx --> mwayqu : cgzs
mwayqu --> ugayis : oqxds
ugayis --> wfinbl : fgqnf
wfinbl --> cxrkwh : sajfm
cxrkwh --> dfrjgz : gomdfew
jznzwx --> neslti : tdep
neslti --> vsahkn : ihuql
vsahkn --> gjmlce : lqqlt
gjmlce --> dfrjgz : tyfcdgs
jznzwx --> dokqpm : egys
dokqpm --> trccvq : iezmz
trccvq --> zjftqc : srghn
zjftqc --> aeaiom : eggoj
aeaiom --> dfrjgz : wucrvlz
state bnmmpt <<choice>>
dfrjgz --> bnmmpt : mocbi
bnmmpt --> xtxzcl : silx
xtxzcl --> qlolpm : henno
qlolpm --> uhcjtp : dfgvc
uhcjtp --> dllaba : xbidabw
bnmmpt --> aktdeb : jpsi
aktdeb --> dxiprl : bxqjr
dxiprl --> nibhpi : ffhaz
nibhpi --> nzswpd : tuqhk
nzswpd --> dllaba : fssnnuw
bnmmpt --> jocmxm : umhd
jocmxm --> ebsrdh : zemyd
ebsrdh --> dubbtz : edqrk
dubbtz --> dllaba : ecvkoqb
dllaba --> gatrbx : pssle
@enduml