@startuml
hide empty description
state mdmrgp
mdmrgp --> ncuyvl : lufta
state ncuyvl {
kezuwx --> bvvllj : eeufl
}
ncuyvl --> thndmb : uuqbk
thndmb --> qznmvm : qxgxd
qznmvm --> pmensx : nszhc
pmensx --> xrxstc : jugjf
xrxstc --> xjtmhu : gqnod
xjtmhu --> kwsllg : wrjrv
state wzflvh <<choice>>
kwsllg --> wzflvh : wuuek
wzflvh --> qqmoeh : rdiv
qqmoeh --> bkfqeh : otzdb
bkfqeh --> xjzikn : riutj
xjzikn --> ljrusf : ayivnmp
wzflvh --> chcndx : ogth
chcndx --> slhvjj : sfkql
slhvjj --> ljrusf : hyphssc
ljrusf --> maqzxd : xqokf
maqzxd --> psdnkb : lmvlv
state ztjkyl <<choice>>
psdnkb --> ztjkyl : uvuge
ztjkyl --> xguwdf : ndta
xguwdf --> lmetkt : zemaz
lmetkt --> aasulb : hyiqe
aasulb --> yejcip : jprcc
yejcip --> dhuoyf : iqomgdp
ztjkyl --> ytmimb : axhu
ytmimb --> eczcvm : gkmnp
eczcvm --> yhdrcj : kxljx
yhdrcj --> dqjelk : jfvfg
dqjelk --> dhuoyf : osjvhxs
ztjkyl --> chopnw : cwnh
chopnw --> kzzyrg : srsgc
kzzyrg --> dhuoyf : kewqpax
state ikhfif <<fork>>
dhuoyf --> ikhfif : lueuu
state sviabn <<join>>
ikhfif --> gbacht : ifcx
gbacht --> iiomar : cuswn
iiomar --> hweidw : afqny
hweidw --> sviabn : xqkgliw
ikhfif --> pdvhmo : gtwi
pdvhmo --> yetcmg : rqglw
yetcmg --> wdcdmd : wmbdm
wdcdmd --> ejlhsq : cyzoe
ejlhsq --> sviabn : kqlnkcl
sviabn --> mfdpix : ejfay
mfdpix --> vqyupr : eqoym
vqyupr --> hahgcf : fgafs
hahgcf --> jnocfq : hfkop
@enduml