@startuml
hide empty description
state rfpnns
rfpnns --> wzqtdc : jbldh
wzqtdc --> uhdoho : roicd
uhdoho --> deziit : wtsuh
state irjnjv <<choice>>
deziit --> irjnjv : bmeti
irjnjv --> anjdfa : zpgr
anjdfa --> xbmhab : zlynk
xbmhab --> pwyltk : tiwmx
pwyltk --> bcjmof : ajosk
bcjmof --> xawngb : ztnlkny
irjnjv --> dtouyi : axky
dtouyi --> ahyazm : iosmy
ahyazm --> gkxvwj : vlhvg
gkxvwj --> xawngb : amwjoua
irjnjv --> qznkmo : lxvo
qznkmo --> bidxzi : fyihh
bidxzi --> svntsi : uvfiq
svntsi --> xawngb : wmdxlir
xawngb --> dlftbj : odpqw
dlftbj --> bychsn : ejtsq
bychsn --> hosmla : mjvrk
hosmla --> kespxu : wbdyd
kespxu --> kbornl : lqmmi
state kbornl {
xymhpc --> uqjokx : kzhui
uqjokx --> [*] : dmsvh
}
kbornl --> jmfwdc : vphhz
jmfwdc --> vykfvh : rkzwd
vykfvh --> xpejjm : lbcgy
xpejjm --> hctnvu : jwgqj
state oqihwd <<choice>>
hctnvu --> oqihwd : czzyq
oqihwd --> kxowwq : mydt
kxowwq --> yfpqbb : uhoki
yfpqbb --> vauyct : etfih
vauyct --> rmppvk : niqah
rmppvk --> jpbhaw : towexne
oqihwd --> qxvcii : rccx
qxvcii --> emceyl : todsf
emceyl --> ljhoxp : djclx
ljhoxp --> jpbhaw : xvnomwd
oqihwd --> pztape : jsum
pztape --> gfbsjj : pgage
gfbsjj --> jpbhaw : buobwtv
@enduml