@startuml
hide empty description
state ytjqoc
ytjqoc --> hvnjuj : bnvxl
hvnjuj --> shhetd : enljk
state hjzdcj <<fork>>
shhetd --> hjzdcj : hokvs
state hfzjmj <<join>>
hjzdcj --> gcqgdk : zkhn
gcqgdk --> awwbix : gbetp
awwbix --> bmmrsi : hmvpa
bmmrsi --> ofddao : pqvpp
ofddao --> hfzjmj : iwjwbsz
hjzdcj --> leanbc : sbaz
leanbc --> mqhuiq : rodwo
mqhuiq --> oznyst : vdqvm
oznyst --> hfzjmj : tcnrhhz
hjzdcj --> ggpunx : lpeg
ggpunx --> iimsqb : sfjvu
iimsqb --> plgfub : gqxsh
plgfub --> fcjjgv : pxhqv
fcjjgv --> hfzjmj : gharwql
hfzjmj --> ninpvs : fffrt
ninpvs --> [*] : srqsu
@enduml