@startuml
box "qxrqu"
participant sqzidh as 0
box "znmpe"
participant epdqyj as 1
participant bpzmvw as 2
end box
box "fruae"
participant dxrrrl as 3
participant trqwuo as 4
end box
end box
autonumber 2 0
2 <-] : kkbvubayqk
2 -> 3: cdsnanqqje
3 --//o 3++ : giqnfvtvlr
2 --> 2++ : cphgzpukqb
autonumber stop
4 -->x 4++ : tjakgekxfb
par dipmvanwdyif
3 -> 3: dqhmfqdvzz
return smtxecvaum
2 -> 3: yxmedcojym
return sivqmtzngz
0 --//o 4++ : ppzzwinoxf
autonumber resume
0 <-> 4++ : fzajaijcot
end
1 -> 0!! : rbzesagbgi
...khdotbvs...
1 --> 3: trxjryaihc
autonumber stop
...eekghnwg...
2 --//o 4: eohutdcaxk
autonumber resume
0 -\\ 2: uclrfvkvel
return zioqayhfeg
autonumber stop
critical jnxdhuhcddht
...cebplsxq...
 [<- 3: arsutdaobs
critical fidglctluoob
1 -->x 0: iiwzbrhhxk
critical ugxchnvlfbmb
3 -> 0: wusfbgfvqb
return emnihgyuwl
autonumber resume
1 ->> 2++ : oskmkgogrr
autonumber stop
else mjimehcqkfcq
par bxzskhgpmosh
3 <-> 2: ncvgbidwue
autonumber resume
0 --//o 0++ : mmdlhtlohy
autonumber stop
else vmyhmssbgcqr
3 -> 0: nxaydvfqhw
...skilzhed...
 [-> 0: qgsbxvfdqn
autonumber resume
else aazfwtswuify
3 <-> 0: gapwjlowam
autonumber stop
break ytujolhfwwoi
2 <-> 0++ : ovmmfvbaup
autonumber resume
...xtkxniur...
3 ->x 3: owbipnwxyc
return awakdhruze
0 --> 4: luelmufqjk
end
...vldfqgca...
4 ->> 3++ : ykglfifxgk
opt lhvlsrjurtbj
0 ->> 3: ncxdifgqvy
alt qjkwtvqtzbur
0 -> 3: tfshujhzig
autonumber stop
opt pjllqyktttmp
 [-> 1: wupdggymqe
autonumber resume
...fujsbjuc...
1 --//o 4++ : uoqtszcwyf
else hdnnvgyfjrfs
break roxchlhusfrq
3 -// 3++ : jivbrfulru
autonumber stop
0 -> 3: yvvncdwfhl
3 ->x 1++ : yiehqtihkv
else idvbrkfnauqd
...jzclvxuo...
 [<- 0: zunuifywcg
autonumber resume
opt dylvcqcxcztv
0 -> 0: atuiayeejs
return prrvjhmhpm
 [-> 1: ndurxmweoj
par lixpgjhntjwv
...mbxziyrd...
1 -// 0: ixcfrtydhs
0 -> 4: dmolonijts
return jnsvxwtnsb
...gwudtlvt...
4 -\\ 3: dhampbmzgz
return wdxxcrkesw
end
...nmnhqsmv...
3 ->o 1: csdpdjjbwe
4 -\\ 0: kkmbebnchz
return zomotixltc
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
return rcnyoqtyah
return qxkfahrlfv
return zbuaocjosw
@enduml