@startuml
participant nxycqk as 0
participant tzixpp as 1
participant svjltt as 2
== yikdxe ==
autonumber 7 5
2 ->] : nwgfentlrs
2 -> 2: ryhkuzlafb
1 -\\ 0++ : loegvogfyz
autonumber stop
break kmtppspwlfwk
 [<- 2: rjevfkhkvu
autonumber resume
alt uugujsovzksl
...bnboubkt...
1 -> 1: baialgiepr
2 <-> 1++ : jnlhiqqmih
1 ->] : ydswycuwsg
return mazfibjyyi
...yiaxjkxz...
1 -> 2!! : rscatdcsfl
else vtuocsqowgfv
loop ucdnljgqndyj
2 -> 0: pmlkoltvlu
return rozlmctwld
autonumber stop
break zpdcgehofccw
0 -->x 1: hnivoeeeiq
autonumber resume
1 -> 1!! : mxolqolozi
autonumber stop
end
...uiuzehfm...
1 -->x 2: zvrkijtuut
else xtikxtvvqjuo
1 ->> 1++ : gthhygllbf
autonumber resume
0 -> 1: dtosbtbipn
autonumber stop
else haqwaopbqcnp
2 <-> 2: krwikysnxw
loop kgyphgcuizuq
...rhdwaxpb...
 [-> 2: cidkrnvbhp
 [<- 2: jinoslopwn
...lobmlbru...
1 -> 0!! : pqmrsdzwhi
return ddtnteidyy
0 -> 0: cgfajbdwbi
1 <-> 0: xpqyfeazuv
else ldkxfcpkzzbq
loop dnoiwskwfkrl
0 -> 0: rryjboilzm
autonumber resume
loop pteshmbzkbgv
...zuztnglz...
2 -> 2: kcljbsmjop
alt kgcijfgxjizs
0 --> 1: lafebyqkrt
alt vizpjckegjeq
2 --> 0: gsifmudgqk
2 <-] : zptzqjsokt
end
0 <-] : jcsibuxkbz
1 -> 2: pxeclvrkuh
else jelienznkimj
2 -> 1!! : exkuffusvw
else emwfjnardfjt
2 -> 2: imhllayikb
autonumber stop
end
0 ->o 1: pwwpgcisdb
autonumber resume
...ffutyglw...
0 -> 1++ : gpmbmeohpx
opt tqealezwyrfg
...yktvnrvb...
 [-> 2: oufkoqzyvr
return pxbivcvbkr
 [-> 1: gkkgalussn
0 -> 0: hfjaixqpsz
else gstqsmsqgehh
2 -> 0++ : evtgpiufcf
else zwaccddlrewi
1 -->x 2: dolspcjpdj
else pwgnzergzfct
1 -> 0++ : lvrjhlqyzm
2 -\\ 2++ : qmrjcizunf
end
1 -> 0: ltxlydqalu
autonumber stop
0 -> 0: wwcazeqflk
return gtlonckyaq
autonumber resume
1 -> 0: ypyrlveipn
1 -\\ 1: idvgciezap
2 ->o 2: dqihsjbozo
autonumber stop
1 -> 1: owxntrxekj
autonumber resume
else htefombaycpm
0 -// 2: imwvdcgwwr
critical fbpokmvdomuu
...gumpxwcj...
2 -> 2: bfdxrvjkth
return asuyqylvhz
0 -// 0++ : mtxnxeshkx
2 <-] : voalvwddyo
else pdnbvnxqbdum
...egplsqjn...
 [-> 1: uvqbncyqbf
return fnijxyhgng
end
alt lbrircgbdfzu
...gchgswwi...
 [-> 1: ilomabomih
...wrzfjttv...
2 <-> 0: jdaqibxpkf
1 -> 0: ghtdgutqwh
autonumber stop
1 --> 0++ : divpqvifnt
autonumber resume
 [<- 1: cryfqtzbua
autonumber stop
...nkfttbry...
0 --//o 2: fabakaqtcd
...xiyttzvs...
0 -> 1: uieinolnac
2 ->x 0++ : yvhoqcnnpz
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
return dtftylrdye
return gwasdexknp
return edpesrqawf
@enduml