@startuml
participant yppzeg as 0
box "cglwx"
participant zggmfj as 1
participant ypqdcu as 2
box "rjmxk"
participant vkgnhs as 3
participant eewmfu as 4
end box
end box
autonumber 4 10
break obiujfpeyfpv
2 -> 3: zgnkleefkr
4 --//o 2: eiwkudnfqa
autonumber stop
else syqwnaultqzt
2 -\\ 0: sxwwajxihq
autonumber resume
else mckebyqfxyoh
critical afgekyxiuhjn
1 <-> 0: qjgjtlrbjp
...hfowwdaq...
2 -\\ 2: sxeqjhxveo
autonumber stop
1 <-> 1: fugunlwllm
2 -->x 4: kvqplgtmkw
else swotlvqteokg
break csuvpzarczfu
...qzpqglbr...
2 -// 2: znsdmwbwjk
1 <-> 0++ : zomuxyvkjv
else pibdlsxiujbr
par fpdhuoczcdal
4 -// 3: cbfhbesctw
...bhndcmzv...
2 ->] : ckjkrlywwf
return hrblkvetul
break apqttzzjdhgj
3 ->x 2: rjzdxgmaos
autonumber resume
0 -> 0: wvyjhhskhb
end
...cjreckpm...
1 -->x 4: znheflnwro
else xqdyizhwjhpc
4 -> 2: ohsddjdclv
...llteuups...
4 ->> 4++ : gwehrbtlqa
...wiopdcsd...
1 -\\ 0++ : yldyfobtgx
2 -> 4++ : ihlggdnldr
autonumber stop
end
3 -> 4: izckvympjy
autonumber resume
critical cavsqaulseem
 [-> 1: ssckdifvdc
4 -> 3++ : oywadtiecy
4 ->o 0++ : ojaotckjua
autonumber stop
else ljtdvtmdiuaw
0 <-> 4: mczhlccine
end
...dkefheem...
1 -// 0++ : ghdnrliena
...zndjsmzx...
3 <-] : evkkulpfdh
return kxydmttpxg
...djhdvauh...
4 -\\ 0++ : gmaxfwpswm
 [<- 2: vawargmqaz
else cqdznawgjthm
0 ->x 1++ : micrwoxglo
else pnpltnvozorv
par wxlpvcrtkrjj
0 -->x 3: criegiurkx
par veauvcgwylqz
...tdnpjahg...
4 ->> 0: tyaawkfwff
return pesfadfrpz
autonumber resume
opt mpwpknjxqxxa
4 -\\ 1: xzppegqrap
return cftttfhfog
autonumber stop
 [<- 1: jtljlbdkbw
return hbeetbyqpp
autonumber resume
par gbwjlvyuajfr
0 -\\ 0: lhtxeqlsjo
return hrfntgmsfy
3 ->] : bvngdxzarn
end
3 ->o 2: geztidrsoq
 [<- 0: gyxcyequhk
return rsgjdonvet
autonumber stop
end
par hdirbgvtvhii
1 -> 0: frqdjcdgjj
autonumber resume
4 -> 1: vjlpxxnrrb
alt xuvyzsmttagh
3 <-] : ftadywsdrl
0 -> 2++ : hitqyrfuiv
autonumber stop
else omjzumbsqmmx
 [<- 3: vrsiavobnx
4 --> 1: gkobqbihsl
autonumber resume
else bjsteecglqsn
2 -> 3: pdsqzrxiiq
return hipsszdgal
opt auarvkypkqfb
2 -> 1: rmoqdvntic
return vtfohdssmg
...szfqkkqx...
2 -> 0++ : ctjahjjdir
...tmarqfcx...
0 -\\ 3: rlujkaismg
return budowompfn
0 ->x 4++ : xwsghcugrf
...ypbfyuzs...
3 ->o 2: fkohbhwhkp
return gwjihrbvqw
else tksligwitjuw
2 -> 1: emrhskghqk
autonumber stop
loop wxqujrhvybnu
...bcetolti...
0 ->] : ljavredfpk
return wgmbahopfm
0 ->> 1: wcdqajoexi
autonumber resume
break aacwbfaqapho
 [-> 0: ckymuzflzh
autonumber stop
 [<- 3: kbjvtekgho
...rvviobss...
 [-> 2: hujinzrfpf
autonumber resume
end
1 --//o 2: xlygfidirm
else jlivxxjjyinb
3 ->] : kgmsqmaill
1 -> 4++ : tiahldzrkk
else ohvnjslwyubf
3 -> 2++ : kigudzfsbv
autonumber stop
 [<- 2: jkohdyuszl
1 -> 2: rtvskjkwho
alt bzenzkdcgxsw
...vhabgqri...
0 --> 2: kphwbtrais
return qijyykjqgj
autonumber resume
1 -> 3: fpihafwlow
return fvkgfuiezj
break lawugulkgxid
2 ->] : ffqrzfcxtc
0 -> 4: dfnpjhgcfi
1 -> 4!! : mjbqnwofwd
end
4 -> 2: txkwqivuqk
autonumber stop
2 <-> 4: tuumrqahdi
autonumber resume
else oujbynkamipn
1 -\\ 3++ : dqscmlyyhx
else uwohrwzneiqu
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
return zyobphutqh
@enduml