@startuml
participant pqgohd as 0
participant wknrpc as 1
participant josjzv as 2
== cistrg ==
autonumber 8 4
2 ->> 0++ : sqgvjdgqlx
2 <-> 1++ : nktvrjrqjk
autonumber stop
0 -> 1: qilpasvolr
2 -> 0: tedtqywema
return byqirdqtku
...wtnrbyqq...
0 -\\ 0++ : udzniwekah
autonumber resume
2 -> 2!! : qqkxxaksil
1 -> 1: wkcvuhbosq
return hzndrpdkep
1 -// 1++ : sgvkrreyjq
autonumber stop
alt xvbtoeshikgv
 [-> 2: dlzgcjwsxh
1 ->x 0++ : zhzttnvlwp
autonumber resume
0 -> 0!! : zrhmckoxid
autonumber stop
2 <-> 0++ : obknxnkaky
autonumber resume
else uwvecmnamihm
 [<- 0: ydtnvvgcvl
autonumber stop
0 -// 1: zhdcjdroqp
autonumber resume
...zhfkiizh...
0 -> 2: fcqxnjthtt
0 -> 2++ : mjoctffens
autonumber stop
else ibjvlurwwxwi
alt kqnbyxdjfdch
 [<- 2: axbeafkzqo
return evsbqevgpc
2 -> 0!! : qmaeqgxupw
return xmwncgynxx
autonumber resume
0 -->x 1: pqycsllpgu
return brlheukxde
0 -\\ 1++ : vwnmvyains
autonumber stop
...mjhjzqko...
2 -> 2: ohvcytmwcp
else ytliflhseodn
2 <-] : vdvbiycgwr
return zzczcjbjzk
1 -> 1++ : rushxvxvih
else oylugfpjgvoh
2 -// 0: sncqlnxyqx
else felvdyxopugk
2 --//o 1: okfklbrtlk
autonumber resume
end
...awuncikh...
0 --> 1++ : cbmyxqgdbx
par sdjipdmrghwt
0 -> 0: uuvlntogxz
0 -->x 0++ : ixtxmplgxb
autonumber stop
else lnnoetzymdds
1 ->] : agawcsahrs
else njfiynsyybnj
1 <-] : ybeybeqisx
else hsbunhrmvkwj
...vqiouprs...
2 -> 0: qpembfitlo
 [<- 0: pnkzpacvme
autonumber resume
...bsxwqetb...
2 --//o 1: sxcadsatlt
autonumber stop
loop ghusrzvapveg
0 -> 0: gzylndabso
autonumber resume
0 -> 2: aesdmchrer
autonumber stop
end
2 <-> 0++ : jhjwfdyedw
...gwixlpyf...
0 -> 0!! : mujrahrdgi
else ssuktmokkzyx
break eujrfnpguoeo
...doqwvozc...
0 ->o 1++ : mwgpytalpy
 [<- 2: yggvhbokay
return mfcnkuhtpw
autonumber resume
else anaunnhwvqgb
 [<- 1: sbcualiyqu
opt ucihjjcijtkg
1 -// 1: qpqwcehwfz
return plusaeejbq
loop svjwqtzzhncg
...jtmmdzrv...
 [<- 2: ulncmkmxin
autonumber stop
1 ->] : otwwysbzsh
0 --> 0: rorfrdwxpv
0 -> 1: ffdqrhkbhj
return mlymacdfkk
autonumber resume
 [<- 0: wlmrmeanlv
...krcvweee...
0 -> 0: mgrqlxqitj
2 ->o 0: fezpezahaj
return rbfezmbqux
...wbxvudmc...
2 -> 1++ : exshzvdldi
 [<- 0: snmiszhxwr
autonumber stop
else nmqxspujfurj
2 -> 0++ : blohpezfgu
end
end
end
end
end
return jywcacrmik
return iyfjresdjg
return wzuentbayj
return trehibolrl
return khkimrjwvc
@enduml