@startuml
box "errfz"
participant cppyzu as 0
box "bdivy"
participant eupysy as 1
participant olnvrr as 2
end box
box "whmww"
participant gdqnxj as 3
box "dcydh"
participant lhxnyf as 4
end box
end box
end box
== piqntf ==
0 -// 0: xwoybfstae
3 ->] : keennmlvqz
2 <-> 3++ : xozyymdlni
3 <-] : lsugypatzp
return wgaunulxmg
alt gfmllhlafmsn
...xixvrjmq...
3 --> 2++ : weafrtusnz
2 <-> 2++ : kdwfjvkbru
end
4 -> 0: engtzpyyua
2 <-] : shxxnnoywc
 [<- 2: tuchuxxmoc
return jvbbnwwigr
break ftldmkhgtimd
4 <-] : bjodgwvhxw
1 ->] : imojxmuhme
return nfehknfnzp
0 -->x 0: qwetmrtgjz
...xzwhcjeo...
1 ->] : ompcbmfdov
...sehktneh...
3 <-> 0++ : tfacseaobg
par yusfkeuftgcs
2 ->o 4++ : rqsxzjcyoo
...wzoqmurp...
 [<- 0: lqpjibovwa
...wffxjisf...
3 -> 3: tbikudjiwp
return wbtehjfsof
else wfufpvtyaglh
alt fokhpkvnyksk
...krwctboq...
1 ->] : gqnjatueei
critical emclyuyoevxt
0 ->] : owmteczywu
1 <-> 4: lcvpavjpdp
else znsbnpzvchxz
1 -\\ 1: xacbhnqbsk
alt uuepnbhzjhxv
1 -> 4: etjiscvgnr
return lskxwaggak
alt afivixkpqeif
3 -> 4: clhgrhujju
2 -> 2: gipyplufxf
...bkjjgqgd...
0 -> 4: dpcyuhbeqp
4 --> 1: niflhlhanw
else anqdrxlwbswv
...ywwpltnm...
2 --> 1: bxvgiuemwo
else vaxyylozucyr
break bmcdcxihcsvn
3 <-] : xmcvaerkqq
2 -> 1: isawtarsgi
4 --> 0: vfcfhzsmpc
end
1 -\\ 0++ : vihugincht
else npxixvplxaob
4 ->] : niitfdwivw
3 <-> 2: yqydfghrfi
4 -> 0: ynzqbpygyo
else dkarjpffxdxm
2 ->o 1: gmtfpdmjwd
1 ->x 0++ : ttrszevbsu
else dbxkwlyrcszd
par cwpfoyhskpdj
0 ->x 4++ : tjxiyxnpoo
0 --//o 3: kfiuoetdcc
return ybsentyzyb
2 --> 3: ljosrdppaz
2 -> 1: oymjktulro
else kptuzomezrzh
3 -// 1++ : hhaztpaqsm
4 -\\ 1: mgghomuvgj
1 -> 0++ : dkshsrprbc
else ojxmycufhozt
...ywxdqmgv...
0 --//o 2: xetjjpdtwb
else qgjtpblygasq
3 ->> 1: xeyyyzjwmh
return qjlqwammwj
else gtvoegqitujr
0 <-> 1: bvfatqkhlq
else gnkbzhjeopuf
0 -> 1: qkbqsvwtde
else ujuuxtcjlndq
loop vyfdyqtksoen
4 <-] : jpfcxrpbqo
return hiltnndhxb
3 -// 1++ : ilrrmcofhy
3 --//o 4: ftxiipglmf
end
1 -> 1: wmexnlkavy
2 -\\ 0++ : gojxwfkkui
opt szmeeibyqbrh
...uyurwjxc...
 [<- 3: khsuoxwlpt
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
return stwdkunjon
return uyumgeniby
return wqvmqjwvgf
return cxapnfgxnp
@enduml