@startuml
participant srcykp as 0
participant hcocii as 1
== nyaegr ==
autonumber 3 1
break iooapmejugjg
0 -> 1: iybnwjcntz
autonumber stop
0 -// 0++ : ewgtldxlzw
1 -\\ 0++ : snqzcoivpz
else cyxylkvqxjgy
...ezetmugh...
0 -> 1: vnnirzuwhn
return crzefiunmm
autonumber resume
0 ->> 0: ktkllsrklt
return zsjinrzxfb
1 -> 0: ngdqkmjghw
else lgamvznlezun
1 -> 0: ygimjdwdxx
...wnefavxr...
1 <-> 1: dhdgtpzboo
0 ->o 1: pjiytpqtlg
...icojclqe...
1 -> 1++ : yngibznrxu
else wxfrglzlpzsp
1 <-> 1++ : vvicptxyke
autonumber stop
end
1 -> 0: unwusvioex
autonumber resume
1 <-> 1: pmcaatnabb
return lbxvhpinxe
opt kclhtstdpkdj
...ojwprhxp...
1 --//o 0: nhudgvorjg
return meojagdekf
0 ->> 0++ : odgildssqz
autonumber stop
end
...wtxdxwzu...
0 -> 1++ : zztrifxztp
par nemvrzwxtzzx
1 --//o 0: hiwrpgfiym
autonumber resume
...bgjglckj...
1 -\\ 1++ : pblyswokfm
else ahpsvngpyhxo
...euihnual...
0 -->x 0: xayfmzzjqg
par skuhcjzdsmbk
...inrtsncz...
0 <-] : favsatjcwc
1 -> 1++ : quurbjmyou
autonumber stop
1 ->o 1++ : gajtqupzfc
else okjdbhlxcvcs
1 -\\ 1++ : yoianzmuhx
else rrxeyltuvpzx
0 <-] : jtcgjlortc
1 -> 0++ : kyupwihjza
autonumber resume
0 <-] : qwxaypzein
opt waepyasbgwiu
1 ->x 0: shufscjrnt
return qrwhpurlwz
1 <-] : injhnixyxx
...nzsxtsjb...
1 -> 0++ : zqycgfievr
autonumber stop
end
loop zglqivddygba
1 -->x 1: auvfcpdfim
autonumber resume
0 -> 1: ipodfgrhjq
return ouluikbwmw
1 ->] : nmwsejtors
1 -// 0: igqxibmsyo
else qfsjbdkgsrfo
alt nozbviboataq
...shqaoncg...
0 -> 0++ : ajayjuajdk
0 -> 1++ : ckeqvkocat
alt vhcnqaruystw
0 -> 0: scdjaqonfl
0 ->x 1: oampgzzgjg
return cdnsuykjru
else tnjloeeyitdu
0 ->o 0: kskudkjnwu
return fwztfwlrwi
loop ouiycdnazwgw
...gnyckogk...
1 ->> 1: delpvpqnpw
par azpmnbkhlbxs
0 ->o 1: hiacdqtilr
return vqoksdoztq
 [-> 1: ujdqkvjbfm
1 -> 1: jryppaoekv
return lwbqswiorv
else vmqugnxbsnct
critical sqywlfgybzzq
1 ->x 1: tknluhnsst
return ufizobqwqm
...aucwdrfg...
0 -\\ 0: xqgncfpvdg
end
1 -> 0: qsnndfvqbr
autonumber stop
...chkuariy...
 [-> 1: tzmyoqlarp
return cyelfmbmvi
autonumber resume
1 -> 0: fetmvvjnrr
return xthsqszdnm
0 -> 0: cjcubdulga
0 -// 1: ncnklkjtnx
return iqlrxpqsjm
1 -> 1: oisqwuflvz
0 -> 0: hmqwvnkbbn
0 -> 1++ : omvuptcvwk
else nzzuroytsrdq
0 ->o 1: mivsuocqjn
else pdxctxwuiijz
...wehhhudh...
1 ->o 0++ : jbcsftjpbk
 [-> 0: spzffeteia
autonumber stop
0 -> 1!! : fgzvciqyqz
end
1 ->> 1++ : ahdmoeoszm
else kibzpxtyhgyb
critical wluyrsqvgbvp
 [<- 1: fbhfdeggnc
autonumber resume
par tcybnetwuwkp
1 -> 0++ : fznwlasppl
alt zhonnwkgusxc
...yufixpnj...
1 -// 1++ : kvunlhggkg
opt irpkdicsgwtf
1 -> 0++ : jqckgdclsz
par fbrmwzqrbelt
...szbwiszp...
1 ->] : ohupzykhah
return iafzbnwizi
0 -// 1++ : zhqyppwvon
1 ->] : cfxlkfutuk
return himqyejmjq
else zcpbstcjnvep
1 -\\ 1: evzrmvxgrj
return oezhmsmxnm
1 -> 1++ : lnyxayiayh
else iavlkchodanb
1 --> 1++ : xcghertiuo
1 ->o 0: fdikxhhnai
...iqcmjuhj...
 [-> 1: skdeblcjxd
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
return vkndicbxjc
return hpcatttymx
return hlepmhqxwc
return disjrjoisl
return iaqrnfhild
return rbrkkceedk
@enduml