@startuml
participant rrkcco as 0
box "xtzch"
participant fnkueb as 1
participant mntycy as 2
participant becshf as 3
end box
autonumber 5 7
1 <-] : sqzivbtmka
2 ->] : abudsawarn
3 -> 0: kfosuidsny
3 ->> 1: umshfmnzfs
autonumber stop
...aivleccq...
0 <-> 3++ : fxeivgelfs
2 --> 2: ssgsozezfk
critical kxijqkojjpao
...dckknirj...
 [<- 1: wzlnoghqop
0 -> 2++ : tfeakfhetf
autonumber resume
else rmyubuufmqcm
 [-> 2: qwmboubmbf
return joenzbcxep
end
3 ->o 1: jswcejpfwu
return jaetubgpae
autonumber stop
 [-> 2: mspqkvfvjw
autonumber resume
...sivcisbr...
3 -// 2++ : nhupwkpnpz
autonumber stop
3 ->o 3: egyluxango
autonumber resume
0 -> 2: qpgjoebqji
return lsullfsdjn
autonumber stop
break fxyhbmjgdydv
...ubbgfipa...
2 -> 0: bhzrwdnlkh
autonumber resume
1 -> 2++ : teupgkpxxy
autonumber stop
2 -> 2: hwuzhzetbw
return hrkgterscp
par sjwayxhpamie
1 ->o 2: uidloyqrzi
autonumber resume
...fsmweobx...
2 -> 1!! : dgdzajlfid
else wncfyhezffrq
par bpiblrkzswjg
0 -\\ 2: apyrwgmamn
...hdlfmrvi...
1 -> 0++ : ipaabraynq
autonumber stop
2 -> 3: kluvbfmnxh
2 <-> 1: tulorkdmjz
return sjderagwuh
autonumber resume
...njcsezgh...
1 -> 3: kenqsstklo
else tyxiftvhxqra
3 -> 2!! : nzbswkrhij
autonumber stop
else fttdyorxboyx
...osszhpwd...
1 -> 1++ : jhmvdbotzb
 [<- 3: lqcfpszazl
autonumber resume
end
3 -\\ 0: fpdynizday
return xkkkjcpzxc
...vippibmc...
0 <-] : nbrolkieaj
autonumber stop
else reekqhjiehqa
1 --//o 1: xxuzditemq
autonumber resume
else smzunascwhil
par adoldojcbmul
0 --> 2: nynmoicgsm
1 -> 1++ : demjswysky
else xfiuhjxmtvix
3 -> 0: twimjfbwzg
end
2 ->> 3: uaoqycoazb
return cyswgmfosl
else ysskohtuqgis
...jsxwiged...
3 <-] : zachrjzxir
autonumber stop
...lqxxszfj...
3 <-> 1: sozifvvfkm
autonumber resume
else dbxqhfbytdpv
1 -> 3: hsbgjrtngr
autonumber stop
1 -> 1++ : lwczpxzvoj
autonumber resume
 [<- 0: fbogvoqpgi
else ghcabnrpvtkk
critical fchgcaosbxqr
 [<- 2: oefniwmxtf
return nhxqafksgo
break cukdyyezlnss
1 ->> 2: phmphpzoac
...tbmhtits...
0 ->x 1++ : coxapethid
else kilqnfmfowhp
 [-> 0: cxohcoijst
...qfwvlduk...
2 ->] : wjirlvohgf
end
break pjtufdivfkcs
...fcrmlsgz...
3 ->] : jexpeymacq
return zogbgvfehr
autonumber stop
0 -> 3: gnqkqvfcqf
autonumber resume
else dcylhhnpkkam
...jvcytumz...
1 -// 1: ankgcidgin
autonumber stop
else thadgyczciqf
1 -->x 0: qsqjxzxrmf
autonumber resume
else ypwjhfhyzyyd
0 --> 1: fxgpdrtohe
autonumber stop
else bxelrhkbknej
3 --//o 3: rojtqhvmfn
autonumber resume
end
1 --> 3++ : wwcnnwrqge
autonumber stop
loop deraaqjqeanc
...uavxvann...
2 -> 2!! : gbokacywwd
par pjmpvvbfihsk
...qnrhxeic...
3 -->x 2: gyisajozos
return zbbofjcopf
1 ->x 0: cnbgleewjx
...wgnkgdgh...
0 -> 3: armimohrfy
autonumber resume
...zpnpafvl...
3 -->x 1: ytkrosfsem
autonumber stop
loop hkoeofmwifxu
0 -> 2++ : bmoyjkdvfq
2 -> 1: xqcqivsxkv
return yyuihijewe
else gvwtirzkifld
0 -\\ 2: mmetobepwq
...qjyezngt...
1 -> 3: cbputlqsud
opt ubutcbzfwtqr
2 ->> 2++ : xlrujxbqou
...xhsdpsdo...
2 -> 2: bsitmspnfq
alt ajafdxhiwmop
3 -> 1++ : koqbswvprn
critical ktnnqardkiwx
...ozryrmqt...
3 -> 0: yaqikbvgaz
0 -->x 2: gjmwbkatli
autonumber resume
end
par eucleuqgipxp
2 --> 2++ : ydthqolpug
1 <-] : hymmhyifnf
else dhpmbfgqmbpn
...pczktkgi...
1 ->> 2++ : fyywugwztk
2 -// 0: yibcblwyqz
return slumtyqkkf
autonumber stop
else xmrluzzkgbxr
1 -> 2: jawumaqgzf
autonumber resume
0 -> 1: wtbdakfdxd
return djyyupvojg
autonumber stop
...ngqiirms...
 [-> 2: oquubeberp
autonumber resume
0 -> 2++ : zobchvnobt
else pgaoexpghrsy
0 -\\ 1: cshsmphctp
1 -> 3: crrxzbopww
critical ziqksqpqpdtq
...ilpptmzy...
2 ->o 0: yyxchukrsb
return qofvhedgsy
...nrqfiftm...
2 -> 3: vkhmnadatv
2 -\\ 2: jinuuqanro
return tqadqkmzbr
autonumber stop
end
loop cqbwxajkjfbo
...sqjuabny...
0 ->> 1: hlffmxwuos
3 -> 3++ : tlrylpoxve
break moehpeiaoumy
...wyzrhtkw...
3 -> 2++ : xlvlnjfbdu
2 -> 2: prfamryqjx
return upmkaicnbc
0 -> 2: qxpzrwurit
autonumber resume
2 <-> 3: idcajkjkwe
alt lfvinpmozihb
...dbfudroy...
1 -> 1: cxgxfhakhh
return ujpkjxhrpq
alt xrrijkggoeis
0 --> 2: ihtoebhawq
return fyxibogegp
critical vetcesbkgyvq
3 -// 0: iylwscmirm
 [-> 1: nxcjzldnpn
end
1 <-> 2: trwdpysbdh
par rnztapvypxco
0 -> 0: guwrslpuvt
3 -// 3: lldauhopyj
autonumber stop
0 ->] : uoxwlelayc
1 ->> 3++ : szdrgncyfd
autonumber resume
end
break biugvzdxflzc
1 -> 0++ : lunjhcmlol
 [<- 1: fgmcblpdbl
autonumber stop
...lrusihru...
1 -\\ 3: rqqdgfdymh
return ffhvfvwczo
autonumber resume
0 -> 0: noofecqpdd
return tckdglvqje
else nzaauouqjbax
critical hzosxobfdkbt
...gtarwera...
1 ->] : rumxovftfs
autonumber stop
1 -> 2: iysjwtvxyu
else uraeriswshzb
0 ->x 1: hibgnabnvb
else rotonirgwtpe
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
@enduml