@startuml
participant bkbtso as 0
participant aarcxi as 1
box "ulesu"
participant ieaueu as 2
participant eekylz as 3
end box
autonumber 9 0
0 -\\ 1++ : vcbgwvvbpc
1 -> 2++ : fqkbihqeeh
critical ksyfbekiqhft
0 -> 3: vaalivlwna
autonumber stop
1 -// 0: qjocqvtxuc
autonumber resume
0 -\\ 2++ : dbcixunmqm
...jlfgfvbj...
2 -> 2: jsugwwnssl
critical rqqtgdteuarl
3 --//o 0: fzvuwtxmbl
return uzhiaccwiw
1 -> 3: wtgrpdaylf
return zywrufpopj
2 -> 2: ukigoculaf
autonumber stop
3 -> 2: upbvdnmjcu
3 -> 1!! : qznqzdhvqf
autonumber resume
else ejojiveqdznf
3 -\\ 1++ : ovqatsmivj
else hvrreaveqmru
1 ->o 2++ : skgqkhwbnn
loop vniyahhwxqfm
1 -> 1!! : rnisyfqpkj
autonumber stop
 [<- 1: rrkjiovrcv
return jyyflphfka
autonumber resume
else ancipsvjklbx
2 ->> 3: yjzmemhxvk
return btsrfsjhfr
autonumber stop
3 -> 2: auedbymsfi
3 <-> 2: qnrlpxansu
return tiauvagrfx
1 <-> 0: ryqtnikews
autonumber resume
else tapujicgskho
3 <-> 2: numpljarmr
else bhwgrydbelcm
...tsgkiymr...
0 -> 0!! : tijrnrcqzr
else bwrqphlnvefc
2 --//o 0++ : ihcigdnzhg
autonumber stop
alt hmaxuhkmkxhf
2 --> 3: ioyhcwsdjd
return hxwjgldexf
2 ->o 2++ : mcjusrbsit
autonumber resume
...nrojxotg...
1 ->] : ywzpuwsdnf
return imvtuylnnp
...eexcqwom...
2 ->o 1: hppcuboakb
autonumber stop
0 -> 2: vlgcpobjmn
else fpiewgozsacg
...bnzemknr...
1 ->] : xjeszwfshr
2 -> 1: vuehltzwlb
autonumber resume
alt jatzqtgktcie
1 -->x 1: emznzdxkib
...symabqcd...
3 -->x 3++ : veuyuxkcbs
else nijgcznvpcbo
alt hgxgvvxaszfi
...eavvwwds...
1 -->x 2: uiimjwddaq
...zkzencwr...
3 <-> 3++ : bwplnukmyr
else spsuqvwicjih
0 ->o 2++ : aqzlrqryxf
autonumber stop
else unaoqxrukogp
1 -// 3: grsqoopxuk
return cwfcimphby
else ivmfjyymdwqf
end
end
end
end
end
end
return roemlwpjzw
return kymqpypsbc
@enduml