@startuml
participant sdkcug as 0
participant rdyfyt as 1
participant pafnyq as 2
participant zgfzoo as 3
== vesjcd ==
autonumber 4 7
loop jqfuvbbgvxzk
0 -->x 1++ : yjstlgopni
loop pisqcabrbbax
1 ->] : urslvtwljl
loop pjqgkwsriaay
3 --> 1: zwvscwgjlt
return cgqkvnhsxa
autonumber stop
loop hbzsdeyflcrg
2 -->x 3: seyimkhpmh
...wnfwbdkr...
 [<- 2: athkoowabk
3 -->x 2: vupxwjtwkh
autonumber resume
else srmetjtdrwuh
3 -> 1++ : zevweyjgrl
autonumber stop
end
...yznfcyqk...
2 --//o 1++ : vdgdzxhgxu
1 --> 2: zlryhggkgw
autonumber resume
end
1 --//o 1++ : ffnpfhywph
autonumber stop
else wmbpoiflzbtm
1 -// 1: lgvlodqfyo
1 --//o 2: uthwlmchkt
return grpxfzzdva
end
3 -> 1: fcbbxxwmmd
return dhnsahftle
...ejdwgxzu...
1 -> 3++ : xuqcncxtcm
2 ->> 1: lhzyqpxzdk
autonumber resume
...yjhhwkqg...
3 -->x 0: lckiukwmam
...nbfedzmo...
0 -\\ 0: poybkuwdfh
break vbgxqqfurqpr
...medfzxby...
 [-> 1: xnkrrpnruy
return mitgmjeuuf
autonumber stop
opt wuobadsmzrhm
0 --> 0++ : exqdtwtkbt
...nlzwvlqt...
3 ->o 2: zuzecghypc
autonumber resume
else bxzxdjtzsyca
1 -->x 1++ : elplhzagha
3 -> 3: qsrscopkej
return zjkncmtiar
else jzibkkhstowj
opt eovtknfwylfr
...swzniooz...
2 -> 1: eeoblovjue
break kaskkotdlqyv
...nkafbqsc...
0 -\\ 1++ : xfacnpjtgc
autonumber stop
0 -> 3!! : ykdlxgjsih
autonumber resume
3 --//o 1++ : bccuyqgasn
0 -> 1: hznjpacxsq
3 ->x 0: ylbuhxytmf
return hgsmfebuza
 [-> 2: gkvaeshgty
else nkkdbcotpuka
par lpnyglfddror
...ksmsgqjw...
2 ->] : qzgvevprey
0 <-] : nodivieirb
3 -> 1!! : zopwmowlyj
else ntwmnnxkmfha
break lupvmlmllept
1 -> 2: itzuebogou
2 -\\ 2: tvnrformzx
3 -> 1: xevehuycqw
return pbvclxuwce
0 -// 2: raeowgsffc
autonumber stop
else gwfkpogknykx
3 -> 2: fpammhjmwf
return xknqwbyqoh
alt kpxvcijfffdx
3 -> 1: qsvqjmvbmj
autonumber resume
par zydxvzhkuvkq
2 --> 2: zrpgljblci
3 ->> 1: aqyqpdstqz
...rrlylyae...
2 <-> 3++ : tmddqicbpi
autonumber stop
3 -> 2: elcqmvsxaq
...pmmywhma...
3 ->o 1++ : crsxilvatw
else uzpfpwlrzqlj
loop yktxbkvewijz
3 -\\ 1: dwxmskunmq
autonumber resume
3 -\\ 0: hanpkizdom
else vqqljgoupppv
break lvweaakaynke
2 -> 1: ijoqbrfmda
return cgpdzxgkue
autonumber stop
break kvcgpawbiicz
0 --> 3: rraafiidpn
return otvrbynhbe
opt liqvriqvlcge
...lgnlkere...
2 -> 2: hsjeplxjuu
autonumber resume
...yfrudadg...
0 <-] : bibllkhlsu
end
3 --> 2: avnbdfajlp
return gnjbbxmyfa
autonumber stop
3 <-> 0: jgmnhqdabs
else puemwpkmwouc
1 <-> 0++ : vyimrdbzug
else wkinfrexctoz
0 ->] : ozvfhywuir
...gnehudup...
2 -> 2: tyjznhvjyc
return fbjnhitfvb
0 -// 3++ : udwowpysoe
autonumber resume
par zpdedeuwcjfj
0 -->x 1: ribjivdjnj
autonumber stop
...mhvjostw...
2 <-> 3: pswjamchvj
0 -\\ 2: zqwwauylgd
else npyuyhxhwwdx
critical wefyrrvjlepg
1 ->x 1: ydxhzljbhb
autonumber resume
2 -> 2++ : omeccjrous
end
0 -// 1: scoidyhffd
else kzlwxerztqog
break pvqbruvfiqgw
3 -> 2++ : vyertvizif
autonumber stop
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
return upvhgwwxtv
return dytsknafxf
return iveqxuxpvp
@enduml