@startuml
participant irhfmq as 0
participant spqaxc as 1
box "xigri"
participant ijccen as 2
box "glkzs"
participant mjnmzm as 3
participant hqlrtm as 4
end box
end box
== frkdnx ==
autonumber 5 0
0 -> 3: dalbvdssww
critical xxxhgylhmpmf
1 -> 1: ahmdbzrleo
 [-> 3: aprczjapyb
...qksuxnan...
0 -> 4++ : bpjvzvustq
 [<- 3: wsyxzbqyti
loop jcnealcqykmd
 [<- 1: akhphwoprc
return oyierikpfu
 [<- 2: pvarwfvzxo
3 -> 4: shjzldzdtn
else tmbpikqguauk
critical fvqljmjujqvi
...hmoepxbn...
4 -> 0: soigannzwi
loop thnfaddmrvwg
1 --> 3: vdpruqofpu
autonumber stop
3 -> 2++ : ilgmdqytiw
autonumber resume
else umtutvvumtpo
alt hksdcehbodfp
3 -> 4: jetlnvlqgc
...zynoduby...
 [<- 0: bbwsobrkjs
1 --> 0: jphqrhqpyz
1 -->x 0: msabatkifu
end
...hwnxthne...
3 -// 1: yesbqpjklm
3 -->x 2: yxxxxniobo
return nxxruwqwdr
else zfyccqgmkkfi
...nqlzjcag...
0 ->o 1: tzgfyxvjns
end
...mmrctlyd...
3 -> 4!! : jrddpsdusy
critical rcaguszwyfca
 [-> 2: czfgqguiqz
0 -->x 2++ : nthnrjtauz
 [<- 2: izyvabjsoc
else vdgzlpmeiyja
break ajclavfqlaqd
4 <-] : fydvjqhian
return gsbcbrlnne
2 -> 2: yqcsuijfxd
end
1 -\\ 2++ : swnakydvyd
else jocjmalwfuvh
par wvpyqvrsegpl
4 <-] : fvtzcipqmq
...gyazlpal...
 [-> 1: dkfyjfrwsl
return hfubyfnlmg
2 -> 0: qnrjfbtxje
par ppgdfhmvcfan
 [<- 2: gupqelalxy
4 ->] : bdleddrigl
autonumber stop
 [<- 4: wuyvwemalf
...yielloox...
2 -> 2++ : lqkfsxtomu
else oguskjibrkxq
2 ->> 3++ : gasbtqrlxr
autonumber resume
else kdlabphiktdp
...ewclkgfp...
4 -> 2++ : oybaoufyec
autonumber stop
alt zolqkyjpwsmd
2 <-] : dngwalfrtq
break noofwfhjhcon
 [<- 3: onfyngdwol
autonumber resume
0 --//o 4: arzbapaseu
else rkcchweprtmt
par ijoxuvnbtcwi
4 -> 1: sqauheylnh
return ormomqnazb
autonumber stop
...efcaaaxj...
 [<- 3: wkdjnkeopt
else rpkclupojfxp
...sbtdepko...
2 -> 3: vinzlwtgtv
autonumber resume
else xmhwxugodbjo
...qklxcuny...
4 ->x 2: yuxdujwsgc
end
0 -> 1++ : ltpghmrsdv
autonumber stop
1 ->x 4++ : vqvqbtrwkk
2 -> 0++ : avdhzncder
opt glrojezctuxs
 [-> 0: nhstkhkoty
...xfevdlya...
3 -->x 1: sbzxcuetep
return qhsgoosloq
else spinzkshxouj
3 -> 2: ottvagwdkt
return eiqyjutwjj
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
return nqwokexflo
return ulynbgmvvu
return juhgbvurmc
@enduml