@startuml
participant phvhep as 0
participant toowfb as 1
participant ojyyzz as 2
participant dlqnhw as 3
autonumber 0 0
2 <-> 1++ : vpziqdncku
opt gtytrqxpdzev
...naqmwalb...
0 -> 1++ : kqbrkqvwaq
...eeslcqxq...
 [-> 2: olnmdhmgoo
0 ->> 2: idhisgykke
 [<- 1: gbgisomnhn
return vmuwrswkhf
else voictfbcuhyf
opt sgprbczafrwm
1 -> 3++ : ezyjcffune
break jsaumtesvixr
3 <-> 1: lskdhpxzfu
return gtnzehwlpa
...fqtfjmfe...
0 -> 3: epqmtpjrjf
return nfuzispksi
1 ->> 0++ : hyuqmpbkeq
end
2 -\\ 3: rcgxuvcfmx
1 -\\ 3: kxvydoxaxj
alt kuntbwfqanea
0 ->x 0++ : anbeimlwqq
0 -> 3: rzjixulhat
2 -> 2: vquyjrljpi
1 -> 3++ : qursoivzjm
autonumber stop
0 -> 0++ : ywntqlclfx
else wczlvuogbneh
par eygebhjilykz
2 --//o 0: eobfdzywio
...mteaphbw...
2 -// 2: skcyqrsjsz
autonumber resume
1 ->o 0++ : aznrjuftpt
else dulhtmmsrwym
loop dgpndyulaznt
2 ->o 1: lzlgtwggfs
autonumber stop
2 ->] : ehvcxoqmaz
return yuiaamuzxc
...kxwbkioi...
1 ->> 2: hzxvrgxgxt
1 ->> 3: xbumhqnwvf
return rwwupuyowg
autonumber resume
else zmstobbmicbq
loop plnyexfjyfrn
0 --//o 2: zcrjyjgvfk
autonumber stop
...fvqmvvpe...
2 <-] : zcidsgtjxu
 [-> 3: twgvfzjfgw
return llahlmlnbg
1 ->] : hkygzlwuex
autonumber resume
0 <-> 3: xdgrjytldg
0 -\\ 0: ivrwqtihgo
return vyxfhxmaph
end
1 ->> 2++ : inseyewqko
end
1 --> 3: lwnowhcnjt
return jhadoljpfa
end
1 -> 1++ : qxuhvyovij
break khxuevfbworz
0 --//o 3: fnufgxviqy
autonumber stop
par aoadqswjrfxt
1 ->] : wweklnkwtr
autonumber resume
...uufyycpx...
1 <-] : btfdhwqqih
end
3 -// 1: aixcpqfeii
autonumber stop
 [<- 2: pmlmvjcjny
autonumber resume
else vctvqdnghnvx
2 <-] : jeqmnmiipp
autonumber stop
end
1 -// 0++ : wzouuvjyci
autonumber resume
end
3 --> 1: sppzwdibro
else yjzvbnfifyfz
alt nmouufcjrdro
...vcclpjcg...
1 -> 0++ : lecozfglgv
autonumber stop
 [<- 2: xlwbnwzakr
return nqjmejoipf
3 -->x 0: jdupehdmhp
autonumber resume
0 -> 1: zrmbvulhwt
autonumber stop
0 -// 2: uprpgxagca
return ixbugcwvoh
0 -> 2++ : tawxgucebc
autonumber resume
...olqobeyi...
0 -> 3: xlkvvbeghu
0 ->x 3: hwcqmvwwis
...wlncpuaj...
1 -->x 0: afyzgjizsl
return nophvgjlgz
2 -> 1++ : amvwuranwa
2 ->> 2: bfznziqbwe
autonumber stop
else pvnrcnfxtach
 [<- 1: jujnstpkmg
return zzjgxhlffo
else muehxvcncqjs
...cbakkxcu...
3 -> 0: yzfjqvdtrd
return jwpmwrxwag
alt dvykolweuybt
1 -> 3++ : wgxwugzlkt
autonumber resume
break jhzdzchweili
2 -> 3++ : rxcdbmzumi
opt igeichplkzns
...tbyzhrdx...
1 -> 0: cxhnxtgnas
 [-> 2: spcarzmaox
0 ->] : mmisvuvurx
autonumber stop
loop offrpzlbtxpb
...cmrboztj...
0 -->x 0: hikwrkiakv
alt yggwrhilocev
2 ->o 3: ykeqfsmrzp
return iuiwqmgnjp
autonumber resume
2 -->x 1: hhhuefulvb
return ngqeaafwvm
critical ewdrznwnvfyh
...viwitlhn...
2 ->] : drxysmmjyu
break tcdipmesiqdc
 [<- 0: pwlhxjmoin
...nuavnqhn...
2 -->x 0: pujuphorsf
1 -\\ 3: wwxqzsmauw
end
 [<- 0: fdxnzoticn
return yowswupzyx
autonumber stop
1 -> 2++ : azvbuobgaj
autonumber resume
...dsrdszpp...
3 ->o 2++ : xjlarfymdy
par nidzspdpboks
1 ->] : roszahariw
0 -> 0!! : zywwifswhq
autonumber stop
2 <-> 2: mdphqngdik
 [-> 2: tejdybyiub
...zzrtbuic...
0 -> 2: xucpxvjkxv
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
return tisecyzzxd
return dygqxecqhm
@enduml