@startuml
participant ytriua as 0
participant xvohlb as 1
participant soyoyv as 2
participant vhudeg as 3
autonumber 10 4
 [<- 2: yxeqdnicvj
autonumber stop
3 --//o 1: zedytevbwl
autonumber resume
1 -> 2++ : qodgdpphpo
...ndropvzp...
0 <-] : ypaopdphqf
0 ->x 3: mhymatgsme
return mfatippiny
...rrwdasnd...
3 ->> 1: heikvyxxei
...zsmeglpi...
2 -> 2++ : ffqpsalyhz
autonumber stop
3 -> 0: inxegfinig
autonumber resume
opt lmfluvosbfrk
...ocafvzil...
 [<- 2: ylkxdpykoh
3 ->> 3: hrvurwwfwz
return fduqdptvmh
else hwhlptchbcuc
 [<- 1: bexctwwgfd
1 -> 3++ : yxptkfrhdg
par qblbzeymburc
1 -> 0: ijfgfsujmn
...tlhtduzo...
2 -> 3: tcsxcmfoia
3 --> 3: qedxgzcamo
else atrhpsshftlt
3 -> 3: qupminmivs
autonumber stop
0 -> 0: vlbszyltnn
autonumber resume
end
2 --> 2: lswcysxiwm
1 -> 2++ : apcavjjpyl
...twxhldgq...
3 -// 1: jogerxefls
...nwrcuzlz...
1 ->o 3++ : coxobrrpbd
critical bgeiglatzvuq
...ppqpmgsz...
0 --> 1++ : fxyndoifer
2 <-] : cwmurqhvdi
0 <-> 3++ : irjceqymug
autonumber stop
...prvdiyet...
3 -> 2: gmujtpeeai
return lqqwirydce
 [-> 0: jklbohtxrt
return xmtlmkahue
autonumber resume
0 ->> 1: luerkqbitf
1 -> 3: rvdmaauztw
return rqumaotabb
opt ddrwadbmagix
3 --> 3: caoopyrivb
0 -> 3: lsxibbwutp
autonumber stop
end
...jzvkmvpa...
 [<- 1: tabcysihri
...rctnkztl...
1 -> 3: swllcplide
return jmbenblrff
else nzwfiummtbit
0 -> 2: xxdgccacig
return eafvpqkfmu
end
opt otrolvtceoja
...kwnqijzi...
2 --//o 1: iqftmfkmtb
autonumber resume
2 -// 0: nlwaauklbd
2 ->> 3++ : ypjrdmqizc
...wukvcskz...
2 <-] : wygxkhblnr
return kepkcwixwt
1 -> 0: mclmvjgiwt
end
0 -> 2: oaozkbjkdq
break coljczlkjjhn
0 ->] : gewmaymnfl
autonumber stop
3 -->x 2: dqbkwldnlq
autonumber resume
...hlmjetcf...
2 -// 2: ocviurjrod
else pmnwzoiaeyqn
alt jbwwyrpiccjx
 [-> 0: tlzsqaeumx
...zsyvxywp...
0 ->x 0: jmwnkxfrxd
opt gnnaoeclhytb
0 ->] : worgkqtegy
autonumber stop
1 ->] : kszjjfknrk
autonumber resume
else plvvgwbgycxn
opt tdbvlpaizmik
3 -> 3!! : yaapdtspzx
2 -> 2++ : hgcbwwgkks
else yspcspwqhulc
break rylguvjayjby
3 ->> 3++ : acwibojetw
par cobudivprqon
3 ->x 1: soxoklttmc
return jnemlqxrwt
autonumber stop
...eqcrxjgu...
1 --> 2: khrffinphl
 [-> 0: gxefeljejj
autonumber resume
3 ->x 2++ : woppxuoltj
...hhtukfsn...
3 -> 2: nfvdrapdbr
3 -> 0: fjpfopoluy
return fcxlmzxvas
alt waqsvajwshhv
1 -// 2: xooppyeafr
0 -->x 0: kvtlvirudl
2 <-] : gyvrdbhppd
return lacxdiazpj
opt mnksrfpdeuio
0 -> 2: pjpfmebgjy
0 --//o 0: jhplacrawn
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
@enduml