@startuml
participant qmfvaw as 0
box "wbcil"
participant pkhedb as 1
participant skldzu as 2
participant uvhuij as 3
box "ktvwp"
participant qiutog as 4
end box
end box
autonumber 7 1
 [<- 3: fbuiqpupcv
autonumber stop
3 --//o 1++ : uzsidoqarz
...yegropzh...
1 --> 3++ : eyxgakmxja
par rmayblghorqv
1 <-] : ckkfdtzhcr
1 ->x 1: lagndjzjtr
else bofyhcvdqjyn
3 -// 0: sutvqgdybp
 [-> 1: vjzedohovh
end
critical hanuzcyadskz
1 --//o 0: volkfqhnth
return jqlnaeoqyw
4 -> 2++ : wlinfjrrat
end
3 -> 4!! : qxmzephoun
...etzjxqts...
0 ->] : hlechdikzp
0 ->] : trctbopxvg
return hhbgmroqgq
...mauryrzw...
1 ->] : bpdmyvmsml
autonumber resume
...ckiigpje...
3 -> 1: chhqpfqfsn
autonumber stop
...ovkgcclr...
4 <-] : llpuoypsph
return riowsoifab
opt uopkojycokxd
...zedtuksz...
2 ->> 3: eegovseetf
4 ->> 2: nwugocfgnh
else dckgxrcyuxto
3 <-] : janhfjtsna
end
...wmvwzdvp...
3 -> 0: ljhezpnjqo
autonumber resume
1 ->] : gvovmxwdmi
autonumber stop
opt tbrojebzcpys
0 ->o 2: xfpfxjcxyi
...ztdugkoe...
3 <-] : qcrdvlppae
autonumber resume
else ttdhqqwyqdbi
...mqzayyyt...
3 -// 4++ : rzrrkexiof
end
4 -> 0: mbzjmhqrrm
0 -->x 1: wcrqlavias
return zojbcwivwd
alt ndlxtlhocnzj
4 <-] : cuetodwkgv
autonumber stop
4 --> 2: eyjxzgpsmm
else owixruespsnv
...rfnsdcji...
0 ->x 4: djugzufzyc
opt stmndijjfqrr
1 <-> 0++ : eweimukahw
autonumber resume
opt hcjclyvalaru
0 -\\ 4++ : uawvgzdruh
loop dwrhoggilxlu
...zoagnifr...
3 -> 1!! : whdkzkylso
return phgsmkxspb
...lhfcdgud...
3 --> 1: lqqhjaaiox
autonumber stop
0 -// 1++ : ohrbsqqepi
3 ->x 2: thwvoihlff
autonumber resume
2 <-] : ogtsjwmgfy
 [<- 2: vjebbzxwye
autonumber stop
else zxbqdxantrkz
1 --> 4: fsjlxapudt
...ikqhtfgh...
 [-> 0: twshtzyqce
return wjfwyspblf
autonumber resume
...octpwuba...
0 <-] : hbbbzqqbyf
return jzwksrsofp
end
2 <-> 3: skautrhkfa
4 ->x 3: fvssvwazit
autonumber stop
end
4 -> 1!! : dshywxjnis
autonumber resume
else sdhvizgovben
3 -> 4: tbfrqhvres
end
3 <-] : qetydtiqkl
opt rlepznkfkive
0 -> 2!! : rzclzrgtqd
...qhmfnbwd...
4 ->x 0: ajjfzwjvlr
end
4 ->x 2: mbneeavdmp
autonumber stop
4 -> 1++ : lpcxstiveh
else sxqftzpzfgkb
end
return ubjqpgziba
@enduml