@startuml
participant fsoqii as 0
participant zjqkae as 1
box "ofvrn"
participant vpvjip as 2
participant pbmvwh as 3
participant xchkqx as 4
end box
== ruqpkn ==
autonumber 5 3
critical fcdqwjsibion
0 ->] : igilzziyag
autonumber stop
1 -> 4: dfhpomkccb
0 ->o 0: kmhhxhdyui
autonumber resume
else rdlmkrjktfzf
1 -\\ 1: zdjdvgaacc
autonumber stop
3 -->x 4++ : ydwxshfbdh
autonumber resume
...aliycfox...
3 ->o 1: idjcluyzlj
else wihkrjybxenc
2 -\\ 4: hmrecfwqup
3 -// 2: todvjxibuz
 [-> 4: nwstqczkxt
par wtuixpqcocez
4 --> 0: rsmtkzaihe
return fgvkipkhjn
1 ->> 3: uqzazrjlco
else enubtwqcfjxy
3 ->> 4: aqvctjdomg
else kqolkwstbofz
0 ->> 4: wwxnalqzvv
autonumber stop
else poqkqilsizgb
...xdjuxrum...
2 ->> 4: btmiubhtai
autonumber resume
end
1 ->o 1++ : jowjusgfrr
...bchbqztl...
2 -> 4: lzikbtuqxz
return bdygpimcob
opt ywxtlakgjgkn
4 <-] : cwxraplygu
4 -> 3: wanxwonqqt
4 ->o 0++ : msefqtxuoz
3 ->] : fwufprcmwf
4 ->> 1: enqavxwsvk
autonumber stop
0 ->o 0: uaxvslmaoz
loop osrqxcmqavum
1 ->o 4: wodcirqavs
1 --//o 0: bobvvzjenc
autonumber resume
par olcmagjibvpp
2 ->] : oaqqlzzbwn
break iwhsgenyaekd
4 <-] : pxrdjvxqxf
return dkymldldkz
1 ->x 4++ : mfepvcipcy
loop ybouftbznycf
4 -> 0: ljvaepejuk
...ltehdnor...
0 -// 1: uyuyygindd
autonumber stop
4 -> 3: glyaqkvibc
return loeefqqtbs
autonumber resume
loop tphzsjlmwccf
3 -\\ 4++ : bwwliitbic
2 ->o 1++ : kbbhnesxsl
par pitgtrlqbams
...kztgyfsg...
 [<- 3: hwymdursxn
par pkvrdutbwmaq
 [<- 2: uxzorpfusl
 [<- 2: jhebgjgkmy
return xatxhjvpzc
1 ->o 3: vhihzrkidn
return tqagqgqohj
end
par fxhzdspeyich
4 <-] : fqjigiioce
autonumber stop
1 --> 2++ : xqfixaeglk
break whukdzzyxemu
3 -> 0: radftvwodd
return pduhjlbcip
autonumber resume
2 <-> 4: ufnijasjia
3 --//o 3: mrkglbsskf
0 -> 0!! : lqftxabsky
end
3 -> 1: cdzjyyqkua
opt ohqgufpjtltq
4 -> 1: yezwgtkpmt
autonumber stop
4 -> 0: nrnvcbdddk
else nmfkzadkmqwk
2 --> 0: ciruizossk
par ulywsfhpzwgc
1 -> 1: qaoidrvuvl
opt mysphmqmrzph
1 ->] : janyvhkxgb
autonumber resume
2 --//o 2: pwhzteigtu
else fpjpftabaiqq
0 --//o 0: jouzuegjco
alt homkatfisjyb
 [<- 0: njziicuzlj
0 <-> 0++ : vlkwkywrzo
else yluquexfeyki
2 ->x 1: ylcogakylr
autonumber stop
 [<- 2: hhgufpgcns
alt bjpdhugdouoz
...zvyeyhsj...
0 -// 4++ : zxhaclhrxp
...qtobsnyo...
4 ->o 2: nxeccpgsjt
return xzogirhlft
else imdqdykzpfcp
0 --//o 2++ : gpiznswssu
autonumber resume
0 ->o 3: hpsekupwnr
return vuywohyppd
...nphkeoog...
3 -> 3: szkrkiyvxk
...fpeejijw...
 [<- 0: cksccicyfa
else ulnsasqfltoa
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
return uyorjxxhex
@enduml