@startuml
participant rotrrb as 0
participant acwrcy as 1
box "drnwr"
participant xiwgdw as 2
participant vgtapx as 3
end box
participant fvbhyn as 4
participant rpqwcr as 5
autonumber 0 7
2 <-] : rfckmsuclk
break imdojkicvler
 [<- 5: wnagoaqfts
1 ->o 4++ : jdqtnohokz
else pmwrbnosypcy
 [<- 1: ftuvdybxpm
return nnwngzbscv
autonumber stop
end
5 ->x 5: djbybwbjfx
5 -\\ 0: eomzyzyopb
1 -// 3: awlcsljhgm
 [<- 2: djvelyyjhy
autonumber resume
loop jvedkstsusgb
3 -> 0: gfujblwzjl
loop yuicdrzisyyy
0 --//o 4++ : epwwgkuwbi
0 -> 2++ : tuarpgcagn
autonumber stop
end
2 ->o 0++ : epwvdigygp
0 -->x 5: mzjnqasvtj
else nthbbbgrtcsl
 [-> 4: muytntueox
return xgmthxvshm
autonumber resume
end
 [<- 0: vshifukjia
create participant dfzekisojw as 6
4 -> 6 : dfzekisojw
4 -\\ 6: ioujgzrmjm
autonumber stop
0 ->> 1++ : srcfpjcuzv
autonumber resume
break utxopdwudvtj
...elqnfqxc...
1 -> 2: rbwbbseqjj
return vdldggoamv
break owsrbtcwrnnr
...ymsynllq...
6 <-> 3: qlkfysuzym
return wvfijfkmtp
...qdaqdpmi...
4 --//o 4: kubhqmqflw
autonumber stop
alt otadmpczczjl
5 <-] : pmuixduufi
return eczfkdxrbh
autonumber resume
critical xlonrsmeuqva
...wvijodoo...
1 -> 3: vyotahexsw
break mcikjmxvvdji
 [<- 3: natybqkmgf
autonumber stop
break qjolpdkppgse
0 -> 5: ufuzciowsj
autonumber resume
critical zmmsnnkankni
...ynvkbixc...
2 --//o 1: ycqkpozlqg
2 -> 2: nrglnicwlw
2 -> 5!! : hyyjsdvmnd
autonumber stop
alt dhmlxurmttzj
2 -\\ 0: ikvpddbisn
autonumber resume
par hbslqpzjqlkn
 [-> 4: jqgsrwzaef
3 -> 5: xkpvonbubk
autonumber stop
4 <-> 1++ : bxajketjtl
end
loop fuptferfcuwe
 [-> 3: galmsoknrk
autonumber resume
4 -\\ 5: ylqrohkwyi
return kfumrvfznp
end
opt uhfhkgkrfanq
6 --> 0++ : wfjjsozdka
alt xtjreincnuep
...qyfmjnxr...
0 ->x 5: uwdntepmvc
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
return iyqdybtmwk
@enduml