@startuml
participant vazmqu as 0
participant biiefj as 1
box "tpeqq"
participant vzptbs as 2
participant ikdpws as 3
end box
box "cqzli"
participant jjnuek as 4
box "spgxm"
participant moornf as 5
end box
end box
== pvzpxb ==
autonumber 10 8
0 <-] : oeadvbhobe
autonumber stop
break tgnskebodyji
0 <-> 2++ : ojvnlmhrzy
2 ->o 1: zhmozmyeay
3 -\\ 0: notfzptuiv
autonumber resume
1 <-] : hlqhqdnnhz
return jmerxcarzb
opt yszlvhqppvyy
...iigvuvvg...
1 -> 2: mmeksgadpq
5 ->] : wqnwdmgslo
0 ->x 2: temxyujygi
5 -> 3: chzouywrau
else lvkrfjjrjlgn
loop jxvgxhjlcmuj
...vbtxxdqt...
0 -> 4!! : pdviodxfau
critical dwmplwpqtyhh
3 ->> 4: jeywrywpjw
autonumber stop
4 -->x 2: qcohhwxjwg
...yzarrpnl...
5 <-] : qgaqqhsbrq
else rfvojxqiwvrj
...cyrnhbei...
2 <-] : pfhihjycsf
autonumber resume
4 -> 0: fvwvfyqrle
autonumber stop
end
 [-> 5: juiiipkadt
autonumber resume
...ysnqtbol...
4 -> 4++ : dvdclllsyn
else stspyrwrqlhj
alt kxqetpfvzsws
1 -> 0: mytaflrmjf
return cxhsvodihu
4 -> 2: xmkjmwrlcy
...qkjgmvzv...
3 -> 2++ : eerwrvxgbw
opt buatzgabiwnc
 [-> 5: uhtyxenwaa
opt ramkqveygrce
2 -->x 1++ : jnqfmgafid
autonumber stop
0 ->> 2: vvkcfegzdx
return vtgoutzvci
opt szqfckvrrohx
4 ->> 1: avhuuolqkt
return kacbgvgdos
3 -\\ 2: prmkglyndx
end
opt kifniprutsvw
1 -> 3: zeguzfbsrp
autonumber resume
...abcavlzz...
3 -> 1: mnkqescnhz
else feoylaipyolo
5 <-] : dfdlcpllte
else bdvnabuonwsv
3 -> 4++ : hgjrnpajke
else zqeuelyuadhl
 [-> 3: npctzhnewk
else zbhhypxwqrmt
1 --> 1++ : yjyhnqpmjx
...ndcvjiht...
5 <-> 0: voykgoqfyx
return kuidavrxfh
else qiibyazxgnzz
1 -->x 4++ : xrfpcdqsss
critical xdanbkpbzsfb
1 -> 3: lqyqhyazkn
return kqexkkvqgs
...vmiifmkf...
4 ->] : beoliuhoww
return ftmtwpmyfe
autonumber stop
...jtmnsjzb...
4 -> 0: ncxtjrkxdi
 [-> 0: crqmhxdeda
autonumber resume
3 -> 1: zatliqkyaa
autonumber stop
end
1 -\\ 0: qcamkhlvgx
2 -> 2: nspivzbosg
autonumber resume
...jbhxaxwm...
2 -// 5: kqniudlpto
else sukxumcrolzd
1 -> 0: mroncfzzeu
end
5 -> 0: vmrbwntblr
...sajcunct...
3 -->x 3: gjwezxtozl
end
4 -> 4++ : vlwextydfy
opt lrzgvnnjoswi
...wehcdnzn...
0 ->] : egxuvxlepn
0 --> 5++ : dcybefhkeo
...jjasvqdu...
4 ->o 5++ : cdqduywetl
else vuzlqutivzdx
...rudsnghl...
0 -> 5: aggtnxcdrp
break akfzpjsywsbv
2 -> 3: qlxxcgwaym
0 -> 3++ : pyvrhjytsq
 [<- 1: nwksaxmcmg
...qcrmzyim...
3 <-> 1: dltusttpup
return yoixqainuw
autonumber stop
else jehtgxgvhrkw
1 -> 2!! : dwtkywkewh
return xvzvyiaxow
autonumber resume
0 -> 4: nyhjfaieme
else rngergheotnm
0 -> 2: ypzrjdbxhx
return pfznhxbbkw
autonumber stop
else pochtupjrwmv
5 -->x 2: dcemlsfdmv
autonumber resume
0 -\\ 1: uqssdqthcv
autonumber stop
break moubprziwycy
3 -> 2!! : kuaptqlcke
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
return jafazualug
@enduml