@startuml
participant fefjth as 0
box "ktlwo"
participant qgxhte as 1
box "wvkhb"
participant hqxoxp as 2
box "rrebw"
participant tbgpnv as 3
end box
end box
end box
== jwchqx ==
autonumber 1 1
1 ->o 1: xliwmtajvl
alt oclaoxgnqppk
0 <-] : osordartzg
autonumber stop
opt iylqfpyidndr
 [<- 0: feawpbwkzv
loop qrzlzyinunlz
3 -> 3++ : sdbyovkwdo
break hiydrtavfunn
0 -\\ 1: tdmxhbajpr
autonumber resume
1 -> 3!! : tfldelsjsa
return rxajirlakg
...jzrnmkgb...
3 -> 3++ : hhrtgonjfv
autonumber stop
critical rtutowrvpjab
2 -> 3: ioiffettlf
break yxnhtbqfsmni
0 -> 0++ : xdovzrcajv
 [<- 0: hjzcvkovqm
else qrvxduvvsipy
...pcdxdegh...
0 -> 0: lyvrikzwky
else uvcgjedrdgjr
3 ->] : twqzjnfjhd
...dofizuin...
2 -> 2: ljaitsnxtk
break idnbskbmziqj
2 ->o 3: evgzhyykab
2 -> 3: nosbzcwsav
else fekisboqadkb
...gexxjpid...
1 -\\ 3++ : yfvwncxryd
autonumber resume
0 -> 3++ : ccpcvqzxsh
else xdmjkgptrzsp
par yzcbhklpcgtd
0 -> 1!! : kbwqszfquc
autonumber stop
opt vdortapsahkr
...teuzxnfs...
1 ->o 0++ : ikkfhxwvdz
autonumber resume
break iciabbknqtzn
0 -\\ 2++ : maxukgerbu
1 ->x 2: oktjpfqsyy
0 ->o 2: vsnvqlkzxs
1 ->o 0: rlvyiozofz
...wsdcskwg...
3 -\\ 3: cqkgifytte
...zpqqsddb...
1 -> 3: dpyiiaeqxz
1 ->o 2: emnephfkwv
return xgypnfmkaj
end
opt zyfenufssjbq
2 ->o 0++ : zrvgrvfizu
critical ryiwrcmwhbyw
...eavqmwwf...
1 <-> 0: cwelyaeoap
break ttamqxbijkhz
...uklrjqgm...
2 -\\ 0++ : srfsxzzxxn
1 -// 1: lvndpwtggk
return ohjlxgpoor
critical qfzuhxpfiulp
3 -> 3: kaoaqxzwgk
autonumber stop
alt wvvdrxbhmgwj
...zvnpuiyq...
2 ->> 0++ : frbuhhgico
autonumber resume
2 -> 3: ycatwnvfxv
return fysaxazdpn
else ugpponxuohqk
2 -> 0++ : wdnmztwcad
else aochdbzucysg
1 -> 3++ : zzrnurjscf
end
1 <-> 3++ : mwwvzptjyz
alt jnxgimlczsrm
0 -> 0: ruightwxyp
1 --> 2: hwbaofgbok
return fwuifsbftj
1 --> 2: mmyrkrgvbd
return oefykxcwsb
else olgsjswvhbdv
1 -> 1: jirxvbdmwz
return eyfeqbaxzp
opt eleaymhfdmso
create participant qgxlaxeiny as 4
3 -> 4 : qgxlaxeiny
3 -> 0!! : cpwertbafs
return jdqtssvxkn
4 -> 4: wkcqnhcptj
 [<- 1: jpkpupjeuy
else mpxkyuyrymuw
...wkowfnfc...
0 -> 1: ifmdpgpgbk
3 -// 1: zncxyuxwtm
return znhguwvttp
autonumber stop
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
end
return hcwgeccuuq
return ffcmcpptyb
return xyjwjxheve
return wsdmobtigw
@enduml